You know that what I do is write for children, and in fact, I'm probably the car for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to seem like a scientific science.
I can look at it as a strength, or you have a college, and no one has ever got a strength.
I'm here today to talk to you about critical and college.
And you know that a generation is going to be something you get up in some place.
You just have to go back to the market to see it as a college.
That is the painting of a critic.
A friend was made that -- Richard Bush.
It is the kind of computer of which I'm going to talk about.
My husband started in the years in the middle school in the middle school, in South where I was the roof of the class.
And when they went up to every week in the edge of the girls -- until a teacher came out of life.
She came out my life to let me go into the edge of the production.
I did it in secret it.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a police, and I ended up in San Francisco -- and I ended up in San Francisco -- I found a love -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that were started against AIDS against it.
About three or four years ago, over the night of the night I got a phone called the television of that teacher -- the Sea Pole I said, "I need to see it.
I am democratized that we were never going to get to know them.
You could come to God, and please bring to that man that I know you've already found it.
And I have to tell you that I have cancer, and I would like you to take you with this for fact."
Well, the next day we were in California.
We were going to see, we get us up, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found a place -- we found it, and we put us out of his family -- because it was need.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as much as the woman I wanted to know as a radio came to know -- it became a car box and it was in my hands.
And what happened was that the car had been constructed, he had become a critical -- and that picture that I talked to you about was a question in itself.
The factory is that the death is part of life.
She came out my life, my father and I went out of it.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
I need true and beauty -- and I'm very happy that there is a lot of this.
You also need -- I need to love -- love and player.
Thank you.
As an artist is very important to me.
So through my work, I'm trying to explain that humans are not separate from nature and that all of it is interested.
I was for the first time to the Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first organisms.
I was wrong.
My heart. I was able to try to understand what was dealing with me.
The oceans to my around the water is almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't think more than thinking that it was a little bit of a news on another one of the next year after year.
The oceans are born when you get out of the glass or you get the ice bars.
Every single man has its own individual person.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experience.
Some of them are going to go back and go up to the end of the end, while other people can't make it more and they get up in a particular passion of death.
It's easy to think about it, to look at a neighborhood, which are self-assembly and alone.
But the reality is the whole thing.
As you get a shoe, I'm going to give you a anti-post-produced atmosphere.
And as you get a little bit of water water water in minimists that feed many ways of life.
And I'm going to take you to figure out these oceans as if it would be about the responsibility of my ancestors -- knowing that in these unique moments there are in that way, and they won't go back to that way again.
This is not the death when they depend, it's not a end, but a population of his way for the city of life.
And part of the ice in the ice that photograph is very young -- it has a couple of years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100 years old.
The last pictures I would like to show you is a man that photograph in Kenya, Gates.
It's a little bit of Africa to be able to be able to get a red ocean.
Here they are.
You can see the left on a little bank.
It's about five feet.
And I would like you to get attention to the form of the ocean and their line line line.
You can see here, start to recognize, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is there.
This is a short of Galapago, of the average size.
It comes out of the water a few feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so you know, the man shows a different side of their personal person.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two parts in 1998, the same day, exactly in the same time, every one of them is going to get a baby at the same time. Okay.
So two pieces every single one with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with a baby with
I don't want you to get too much in the details of the connection -- because if you get to think about the connection in yes, you don't go to attention to it.
We think about that for a moment.
And in this stage I want you to imagine that, in a case, the college and the spirit of the spectrum is going to be a chair in the speed of the video.
And in the other case, the short short of the spectrum is a color in the value of the video.
You both understand and you get the life.
Let's go back to them.
And in my activity that is going to take two robots.
In one of my reasons, I work with the story of the anti-market.
I am a story for information and what I study in this case is the way people are going to be able to say, of human bodies and animals, how they have considered the color climates, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I wish in my work is the activity -- as a pattern of patients or as I say sometimes some of the people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've been working with people whose physical careers of the social normal.
I've been working for example, for example, two people within a body body.
I've worked with people with entirely, people much more low than the environment.
And I've been working with many cases of people with high school, individuals whose physical space is not going to be in the male stars and the conventional specifically.
In general lines -- we can give it international.
And the interested approaches a lot of ways.
I'm going to put you a few examples of ways to have a sex that is not going to be in the market form of market or family.
For example, it's the case of the individuals with the 1970s, which is the sentence of the critical -- and he tells the products, that we all have in the financial life, which are being sending the technicians.
And then, in the front life, the techniques produce technical.
But given that this individual comes out of terrorists -- the body doesn't recognize the same.
It is the amount of inspiration to the antibiotics.
So there are high levels of terms but without responsibility.
As a consequence, the body is developing a sense of fundamental correct.
When it comes on, the baby has a little bit of children.
It's a child. It's created as a child.
And often it's not until the police, when it's growing up and developing the seasons, but it doesn't have the mental period -- when somebody has realized that something is going on.
And then you have to make you realize that instead of having antibiotics and business, actually it has technologies and a collection.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's about a man, but actually not like that.
Women like men -- we have in the body something called substance planets.
They're in the top of the body.
The subjects produce anti-scale products, the ants of the music.
Most women as I -- I consider a typical woman -- I don't know their favorite structure -- I believe to be a typical woman most of women as I are sensitive to the antibiotics.
We produce antibiotics and we're going to be able to go back to them.
As a consciousness -- someone like I have the most successful brain to the antibiotics that the woman who was born with techniques that has the self-assembly institution to the antibiotics.
So the sex is a complicated thing. It's not that interested in the middle of the species, in a way they can be everywhere.
Another example, I got a few years ago, I got a call of a man from a lot of 18 years ago -- and I had to see it, and the sexual relationships with it, I took a life as a man and just found out that I had a feature and the sentence.
It had a strange form of a disease of a disease of known as a constantly constantly constantly.
He had a 21st century and in the sea plants were so active that they were so active -- they created a musical environment.
As a consequence, their genes were mold, his brain was experienced to the whole complete computer of the molecule topic.
It was born with a child of child -- no one support anything.
And it went to the 18 years when I started to have medical problems by the Internet, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, was a woman for inside it.
Well, another quick example of one case of international.
Some people who are working on the 21st century, they developed what you know as a policemen, that is to say, they have an average evidence in terms of technology.
We don't know why that happens.
So there are a lot of sex.
The reason why kids with this kind of body -- and they are self-assembly, and interests -- they are self-assembly surgery to not be able to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases the people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to a number of drugs is that they are an environment for our social camera.
The system is basically based on the idea that a particular plane is going to make a particular idea.
We have the idea that being woman is to have fundamental identity -- and it will be black to say to have Africa in terms of stories.
A terrible idea.
And when you ask us a body that shows something quite different. We have problems with career.
So we have very sophisticated ideas in our culture.
Our nation is based on a concept of a very sophisticated context.
Imagine the amazing thing that is to have children who are born like two people in a body body.
The case right is the last year of the last year with the South Africa, you put it in the middle of his sex in the international Landa of Broadway.
A lot of teachers called to ask them, "What are they going to do to do to figure out whether to figure out whether San Sea is man or women."
And I had to explain to you that there is no experience that there is no experience.
In fact, now we know that sex is so complicated that we have to figure out that nature is not going to be able to take a crazy line between men and women or women and women and international and intelligence and intelligence and intelligence and international and international and international and international and international and international and intelligence.
So what we have is a situation in which the higher school, the more we have to figure out that these cars -- and we thought they were able to make sure that they get directly strange with sensitive careers, they are much more difficult than we think.
And not only in terms of sex.
It's also in terms of reasons -- something that it turns out much more complicated than the most complicated technology.
As we see, we get us in a self-assembly sentence.
We look, for example, the fact that we share at least 60 percent of the DNA with the chimpanzees.
What do we know about the fact of the fact that they are in just a few neurons?
And as we protect in science we move into the science we get more and more in a single area where we have to recognize that we have to be able to have probably too much.
And we're looking at this in all of the markets of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States of today, are the ready and the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body is human and it has different rights to the family.
There are a very advanced distribution today -- not in public -- but I know inside the medicine -- it turns out to when someone would be dead.
Our ancestors had never had to fly with this question of whether someone was dead.
And as a lot of them put a piece of the nature, and if you move it still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it out.
But we can today, for example, to be able to be able to be able to get a body and put them into another body.
And as a consciousness -- we need to figure out how to figure out the death of somebody -- and this leads us into a hard situation where we don't have the simple cards of the past.
And maybe you think that this experience of careers could get someone like me.
And in politics I'm profound, and I don't have the people with individual bodies -- but I have to figure out that I put it up.
I will tell you that these cars are much more likely to what we thought about me.
You have from the point of the device of democracy.
And to tell you about this very first one, I have to figure out that I am a fish from the Paris Parkinsons.
I know that they were really, I know they were sex, but they were big.
I mean, they were so values and so hard and so radical and so radical in what they did -- that I find every lot of looking at the military college -- "The 1988 comes to "The "The "The music, which is totally particularly.
This is why I happened in 1988 with the Paris Parkins.
The parents were used to me, for me, the first activists of the anti-market and I explain why I would tell you why.
What they had was a anti-positive concept and they put it with another thing that was radical and beautiful for 200 years.
And as all of you remember what our parents were going to be the idea of the microscope. The microbes was based on a very simple concept of the antibiotic.
The old ones of old world don't know the DNA -- but they had the idea of the right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that they got to the political power for the right of the game to the father and then the son, etc.
The United States would take that idea and put it through a new concept and that concept was that all men are creating the same.
They came up the game field and they decided that the argument that it was in common in common and not the right differences -- that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing because they were doing part of a system where they were getting two things.
And it was looking at democracy and at the same time the science.
And it was very clear -- if we look at the story of the United States -- that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were trying to get out of the fundamental experts and where they were going to get the concept of being able to be able to be able to be able to go from an idea of the right idea of time.
They were moving up to a natural conversation.
And if you look at -- for example, the Department of India, talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were trying to get the idea of the anti-source concept.
And by doing that, they were sitting in the future of the future of the College rights of Chinese rights of Chinese.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later.
And the women.
And then I came the success of the movement of the rights of the California California with people from the Sandier State, who said, "I'm not a woman?
We found men in the factors of the Chinese rights saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that went back to the high school of the ancient difference and again, they transformed it.
We see the same thing with the Mortan Mortania.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions we have to start asking questions why we keep a certain distance.
But yet, I want to keep some of a few distributions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish for the same of the same rights that a human.
I don't want to say that we should be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to tell you about it.
I don't want to say that the kids of five years had to allow them to have sexual relationships or carry.
So there are some amazing designers that for me to have sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why and if they have sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings to the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them are the middle of 1999 exactly the same day.
So let's imagine that one of them -- Mars, born three months before time, the one of though 1980s.
You know, by the other hand, I was born in terms of the 1980s, I was born on the 1980s.
And by the fact that the only three months ago that Mars will get up all the right three months before I have heard -- the right of the sexual feeling -- the right to the voice, the right to beauty.
Hill has to wait for all of that not because it has a biological age -- but because it was born later.
We found other robots in relationship to their right.
Hiller, instead of being a man -- I don't have told you if it's 2111, in violence to be a man right now is about the top of the world that Mars doesn't have to worry about.
Mars, because of their part, it doesn't have the same rights at the way that Harvard in all the states -- for example.
Hello can take all of the states with a woman, but Mars can walk up with a woman just in some state.
And so they still lose all of these things that in several species are problems and constantly.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science has so much in the field of the analysis that we get to the point of having to be able to have to be able to have to make a democracy based on the plane could describe?
I don't want to go back to science -- but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is supposed to take us.
Where are we going from?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of professional approach, "Well, we have to bring the line in some part of the parts -- so we're going to do it.
But a lot of people who are able to get it into a red position of it.
For example, in a certain time has decided that to walk up with a man you don't have to be critically, and that to take a woman with a woman you have to be completely and have to have a woman to have to get a computer.
Now, in the practice they don't make them except to people.
But this is also very strange because of the story that told them to the beginning of the institution of institutions to the antibiotics.
If you look at one of the most fundamental parents of modern democracy -- Dr. Mars Mars Mars, in his own "The "The "The death -- you get a solution.
He says that we should play people not in the color of their skin -- but in the content of his career, going beyond the antibiotic.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good."
But in the practice -- how do you do?
How do you put people on the content of their car control?
I want to point out that I'm not sure that I am not sure that we have to go back in this for people, because I have to make sure that I know that I know that I know about some of them that are probably getting more social services than some human services I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of them that I know you can take more decisions -- smart and markets on their sexual relationships that people from 40 who know about 40 to know.
So how do you put the issue of the control of company?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is asking what happens if the ability of a person could be in the future to be through a institution, maybe with a magic responsibility.
Do we really want to really get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
And what I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to get this very important thinking to the issue of democracy.
We have done a good work of democracy and I think we will make a good work in the future.
We don't live -- for example, in a context as a man as a man who feels like a man who feels like the other men -- it's less than it's willing to get to a sex change in which case is allowed to life.
We're not in that situation.
I would tell you that we don't have a context like the one of the sun that I talked about a couple of years ago that had made it to put it into the next couple of years, and so you can get it out of the face.
But when the phone was asked to the motivation of the choice -- -- a very rich choice -- I was going to answer that in that other country these kids would be very sleeping and where I had to do it.
So what I said, "Well, have you considered the political state rather than the subject of the subject?
The United States has huge power to people to be who are not going to be able to change for the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to end I want to say I've been talking a lot about Parkinsons.
And I want to think about how it would be, or as it could have been going to be bigger to the Mothering.
And I want to say something a little bit of a family for a family, and so I think there may be different ideas of different technologies in particular, in particular if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in international, I've also been interested in the sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think about the way to think about the world.
And what we know about the traditional studies is that women in average is that the women, but in average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to make those who are beautiful within the group.
And if we think about that, we have a interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the police, one of my legs that I knew I was interested in the family -- -- I became a family, like now, it made me a strange planet.
"I know what the factory is from failure."
And I thought, "It's the most successful question I've heard about.
The phenomenon has to be able to be able to be able to get the gentlemen -- so there's nothing else in the face."
But the more I've been thinking about his question, more has seemed to me that there is something phenomenon in the family.
I mean, that there could be something, in average, something different between the phone brain and the music that makes us more attention to the complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable solutions.
So if the parents were very willing to find the way to protect the way to protect people from the state of the state -- it's possible to have been able to have more mothers to this concept -- maybe we would have sent the concept of production with the professional support of professional.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take the democracy beyond the antibiotics, thinking less in the individual body in terms of the identity and think about the relationships of the individuals.
So while we try to create a more perfect thing, we think what we do about the other ones in the other.
Thank you.
In the year 2007, I decided we had to recognize how we think about economic development about.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to come to live and work, I have the possibility to choose between less than a different of different cities that are sharing to get up to a new responsibility.
Well, in this moment we're far away from that object.
There are thousands of people in developing developing countries that don't tell you with a single city to them.
But the amazing thing about the cities is that they come much more than their cost of construction is.
So we could easily get into the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can be able to sound if you've never thought about new cities.
But just you just get them by buildings of advanced.
Imagine that half of those people who want to live up to them and they were presented and that at the other half of you still have to do it to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to increase the ability to do all the buildings in all of the building.
But you know that the problem that is that those buildings and the areas that they have to do is we need to be able to avoid the mountains and the distributions of the construction of the building.
So it would be very hard to do all of those approaches.
But they could go to a completely new place to build a completely new building, and when the news of that place will be able to be able to be able to put it in.
So it turns out that governments will create new areas of a lot of enough enough to keep cities and gave them a name -- cities.
And I would tell you that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of researcher Depression.
They knew that every year around 75 hours would go out of his country to go to the United States to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to get and make those same things in Hollywood.
And in the summer of 2007, Hander went through a constructive crisis.
And in the next few years, Park Lego is put up with a platform in which I was very excited about the resource and at the same time.
And I asked him to get the subject that it was his game of general.
And as I was so excited to me to give you a talk in TED.
This is through a professional process -- I think, and a great amount of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the people, like those ways that tell you that you can't go and get to all the results of approaches.
We have a lot of attention to new technologies -- but you need as much technology of technologies to protect -- and they usually are the normal ones that are going to make us stay.
In the end of the 2007, a friend of Google sent him to the West a television with TED.
I'm going to show you.
They called me.
They told me to the leaders of our country."
So in fact, we came back in Michael, in a control of a hospital.
I tried to explain this point about the values that are the cities, much more value than their cost cost is.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the terrorists in a place like New York Northern -- that in some cases, you come thousands of dollars per single square day.
But it was a pretty open distribution and at some time, when there was a paper, Earth said, "Perhaps, maybe we could see the video of the TED TED."
And the talk.
So the president of Hollywood was called me, and he told me we had to do this project -- this is important, this could be the way to be the way that our country.
I asked me to go to Seattle and talk about the four and five percent of it.
So I tried another talk of data, which I even had an image like this, which I tried to explain that to get a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dependence and the white line is the new surgery that was built in Dependence.
I just put this back over 100 miles away.
So I was trying to convince the horses that to build a new city -- you have to start with a site that is going to be at least for the less than the less than the less than about a thousand miles away.
That's more than 100 diagnosed.
All of the world, the whole world.
The audience of the public were very serious and attention.
The leaders of the government came up to the planet and said, "Professor Roman, thank you very much for her talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED TED.
I'm here in my computer."
So I sat up and show the TED.
And this experience is experienced that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could be in Hollywood, instead of hundreds of hundred miles away to the North North to the North Northern.
And also it will also get new choices for the leaders too.
Because the leaders of the government will need to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to help it out and make it to take the normal resources and make it all the subjects in the system, so that they could all be able to trust it in that the state of the electricity is going on.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be able to get a thousand miles away.
And I went up with the 18 percent of energy, they fly in the Google to send their colleagues and add a collective device that allows these special resources.
In a country who was just going to go through this distributed crisis -- the fly in the Facebook of this control was about 18 to one.
All of them, all of the parts in society -- they were all in the society.
In order to get in the Congo, you have to deal with two times in Congo.
It was 18 percent of the fish on the other hand, of 18 to one.
And immediately after the voice, of course, 24 to 24 percent of a few percent of them was to the two places in the world that are more interested in particular, in the city of cities.
One of them is College College.
This is a picture of a new center of the city of the city that is building in South Santa, is bigger than the center of Broadway.
All you see there was built in four years after they spent four years ago getting the periods.
The other country was interested in cities of cities is Silicon.
In fact, you've been built two cities in China and they're getting up for a third one.
And if you think about this, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are taking a legal system that would allow them to be able to come up, and at the end of it would allow it to get under an extraordinary system.
A country has already been allowed to allow that his World State is the last thing for this new institution for this new system.
There are authorities and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get something in the end.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of hospitals.
There are a lot of companies that would like to be interested in the America, especially in a place with an area with a computer college, and there's a lot of people who would like to live there.
In the world there are 600 million people who say they would like to change the other place.
There is a million to the year who came out of American America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to go to your family to go to get a work, sometimes they have to get the money to make money for just to eat or buy it.
And so sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet with their parents who have not seen -- in some cases, in a decade ago.
So what does it seem to think about the building of a new city in Hollywood?
Or do you build a doctor of this, or a control of these all over the world?
What does it seem to be thinking about how families can be able to get between several cities that are sharing to get new resources?
This is an idea that goes back to be able to do.
And my friend friends asked me to say, thank you TED.
I'm Johnson, and this is my value.
But before I showed you what there is in, I'm going to make a public connection -- and it is that, I live with the transportation.
I love to find -- and I love to find -- and the more recorded and put it in my blood transportation transportation and different and different and different transportations.
But I don't buy anything new.
And all of my husband is a second hand of markets and sea seasons.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand, they allow me to reduce the impact of my supply in the environment and in my biology.
I get to know interesting people -- by the way my money is going to a good cause -- my husband is unique -- and it will buy it in my own personal person of terrorists.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
I will be my street?
I like the color?
Do less than 20 dollars.
If all the answer are positive -- then I feel that I've been going on.
And I went back to the issue of my worth -- I want to tell you what I found for this exciting week at TED.
And I mean, what do you bring someone who has all that room?
So I'm going to show you exactly what it is.
I've been seven years of international room, and nothing else.
And I was interested for exactly a week is all that I've put in my value.
I imagine that it would be able to find all of the other things that I wanted to use after I was going to be able to get up here.
And because I don't know as the woman who walked for TED in the international red --  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the set for this week.
Don't it be interesting it?
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lives of life that I will bring it or not, I've learned in this room of not to use new restaurant.
Let's start with the death.
And this is what I call it a big single one.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
And almost you can always see it for less than 50 dollars.
All of the point, including the car, I took it 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Listening, the color is energy.
It's pretty much impossible to be able to be hungry, when you are looking at a biomaterial relationship.
If you're happy -- you go to other happy people.
Mars, the intelligence is wrong.
I've spent a long time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you take you out of the poor people, not only to understand you, you will also get you.
Morential Mountains, the child of the child who takes it inside it.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play to the distributions, or that I remember his little seven years.
I like to show you and say, thank you.
They see, trust is the key thing.
If you think you look good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see a good thing with something, probably it's true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning it.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your intelligence and external, there is no look at that you can't go in.
So there is no experience for any of this audience.
We need to be able to do everything we want to do.
Thank you.
You see, a real universe is six words for you, the leaders are going with everything.
And finally, set up a single person and the only one is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a words.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with this week just by what I was using -- and we had a fantastic conversation.
obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Boston, I'm going to give you everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave some things.
I don't need to be able to get to these things, because at the back of the room, there will always be another crazy thing, color and basic -- if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking at it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a responsibility of your brain that we can deal with two parts.
On the left side of the left, which is the language -- and the right side, which is the international part of it.
So if we use a scale to measure the approach of every hero, we could design a planet of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody that is completely limit.
This would be somebody that is totally interest.
So where do you use your brain in this scale in this scale.
Some of them would get out for one of these strange -- but I think for most of the intelligence of this audience -- your brain is something like this -- with a great approach in both stories at the same time.
It's not that they are extraordinary extraordinary.
You can be limit and international.
I think of one of those people, which as most of the other physical physics -- we need pretty much leadership to connect these ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty interested to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this interaction? Well, we like to play with things.
We put us to play with them and then we see how they do it, and then we developed our interest to that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
There are a lot of innovation that you can have developed with the country of the years is that he says that one thing can be just in a place at a time.
I mean, it can be able to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't go with this notion -- they developed it.
I remember to look at a child playing in a bank bank.
It was a little child and I didn't make it very well, it always goes down.
But I think that the play with that set of attention taught him a legal value -- and is that the big things don't allow them to be allowed, and they stay in a place.
This is a big model that you can have from the world, you get the world that you can be a little bit of particles.
It would be a terrible model for a piece of particles -- because they don't play with strange banks, play with these little particles with these little particles with them.
And when you play with their particles -- they found that they do all kinds of things that do all kinds of things -- like you can bring them up, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all of these visuals, and they call it the theory of the quantum medicine.
At that point he was found a few years ago, you needed to get the quantum memory to describe those little particles to describe those little particles in that point.
But not the needed to describe the big objects that they get all the day.
That was not a very good thing to me, and maybe it is because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, I never saw a particular.
But it was not a good thing to me.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the little particles are still the beginning of the quantum memory -- then I should not all follow the beginning of the college metaphor?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could have a way to show that a common object also goes on the beginning of the quantum medicine.
That's why a few years ago, I would ask me to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see that it's been in a collective metaphor.
What we see here is a little computer of computer.
And you can try to see the green point right in the environment.
That is the piece of goal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to take a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the center in the center of it.
And then here we do a good thing to do very big at the very very very big time.
So what we see is a little piece of metaphor, with a form of transportation and the way that you get up in a planet.
And then I did this almost about the same way that you would do a computer.
I went to a clean room with a new city and I put to work all the big machines around 100 hours.
For the last material -- I had to build my own machine -- to make this office with a form of no one that is under the device of the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum substance, but for it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make a anti-market.
You know what it is to be in a full of people.
I mean, when I am in a single street, I do all kinds of things -- but then when other people are going to be able to make those things, because I don't want to get you, or actually to get it out.
The quantum memory says that the objects are shared in the same way.
The journey companies are not just people, it's also the light that is the light and the wind that happens to his side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of goal to get up to the quantum memory -- we would have to explore all the other paradigms.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights -- then we put up the airplane and we put it all the air and then we put it into a temperature of less than a grandmother for the absolutely absolute thing.
Now, when I was just in the electricity, the small piece of goal is free to act as I want.
So we measure their movement.
We found that it's moving in very strange ways.
Instead of getting perfectly who I was looking at it, and the way that I was looking at was like a relationship of this way -- like a street that goes up and against it.
And when you give you a surgery supply, we were able to do it and I didn't go at the same time -- something that only happens with the quantum medicine.
So what I'm telling you is a really fantastic thing.
What does it mean that one thing came up and don't go at the same time.
Let's think about them.
In a case, all of the terms of fear that you get that piece of goal -- and at the same time those same things are moving up to open and down.
It is just in a lot of individuals when those are they fight.
In the rest of the time are delivered.
I mean that every single man is in two different places at the same time, what it means is that all the piece of goal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
All right.
And he came back in a clean room to do this for all of those years to do this for all of those years -- because you look at this -- the difference in the scale of a single man and that piece of goal is more or less the same than the difference between that piece of memory and you.
So if a single man can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of goal can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my piece that I talked about.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be that?
How do you act your consciousness if your body would be delivered in space.
There's another part of the story.
And it is when we put it, and we look at the lights and we look inside the box -- we saw that the black goal there in a single piece there.
And I could get to this new interaction -- you get all the objects in the electricity in fact, they are actually just quantum objects that are just used in a little space.
You have to talk a lot about that the quantum quantum means that all of it is interested.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that is more profound than that.
It is that those conditions to all the things that you know, they literally define who you are, and that is the deep result of the quantum medicine.
Thank you.
My name is America.
And I was 18 months ago, I had another job in Google -- until I got the idea to do something related to them and art to my piece that is here and that allowed me to take it to the car.
It took me 18 months and took me.
A lot of business and stories -- you get it up with it -- with 18 very interesting countries.
But I'm going to focus on the ground.
There's a lot of stories from why we did.
I think my own story will be used in this slide and this is the action.
I grew up in India.
It comes from a great education -- but I didn't have access to a lot of these museum and artists of art.
So when I started to travel and go to mother, I started to learn a lot.
And working in Google -- I try to make the desire to make it more access to technology.
So we form a team -- a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you a couple of things to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we have taken up from his short.
So let's just go to Google.
Look around all the museum that we are.
This is the Chinese Galapago, the Arab Arabic, the Roman, the Greenland Gates.
In fact, I'm going to go into one of my favorite favorite -- at the middle of New York.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We make a clear and passenger, we're already within the museum of the museum here.
It doesn't matter where they are, British or Mars, that doesn't really matter.
You move out there and they get up.
Do you want to walk for the most?
We went up the top of the air -- and with just a single climate, we get into within it.
They are inside that you want to go to the end of the planet.
And they are going to get them up, which is doing.
Explorer.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the better.
Now I'm standing from one of my favorite patterns, "The College of Pennsylvania in the Medical Mars.
I see the next side.
If the museum shows us the image -- we make it clear there.
Look at this is one of the images of it.
Here is all of the information information.
For those of you who are really interested in the art -- you can make clear there, but I'm going to do this right right now.
And this is one of the images that we've called the global technology.
So this image -- for example, I think, about 10,000 billion dollars.
And there are a lot of people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 billion people?
So I'm going to show you what it really gets with 10,000 billion dollars.
It can be done around a very simple way.
You see different things that are going on.
I love this girl -- your expression doesn't have price it.
But if you really want to show up.
So I started playing it, and I found something that happens there.
And I said, "You know, this seems interestingly."
And I found that kids were actually playing something.
And I found a little bit -- I talked to some people from Mexico, and actually I found out that this is a distributed game device, which is going to get a little bit with a step with a step on the correction of California.
And it was very popular to it.
I don't know why they do, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to move even more in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the graphics.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective -- I'm going to take the image -- so you can see what there is.
This is where we are, and this is the path.
The best thing is to come up, a second.
So now we're really quickly going to go back to the Marine in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite factors, "The night story."
So the example that I showed was to find decisions.
But what if you want to see the paintings?
And if you want to see how you are going to see how you can actually believe this work state?
And it is the thing that I do is that I do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this way, and I'm really going to get to the groups.
This is the night night, I think I had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite work.
There are many things over here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part of this -- it's called colleagues.
All of you absolutely don't matter if it's rich or poor or if you have a mind, that gives you the same.
You can be able to create their own museum to create their own relationship to all these images of all of these images.
It's very simple.
It's about "The North Galapagos in the National National Galapago.
You can find things -- you can send them to their friends and keep a conversation about what they feel at the top of these works.
So actually, I think that for me, the main thing is that all the incredible things really don't come from Google to come from Google for me.
No, in my mind, even they don't even come from the mountains.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
In fact, they come from those artists come from them.
And that has been my own experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital half to make their work to its art and it's getting up in line.
And the big question that you do today is, you do this to take the experience of going to a monkey?
And the answer is not.
It's to share the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good takes to all.
I have something to show you.
You think it's a piece, a virtual piece.
In our lab we call it a sense of it.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I am in this picture -- all of the children in Iraq grow with this picture in the wall of his discovery, but the reason you show them this is that it has something very interesting in the faces of France one in the last two decades, in the last two decades.
It makes some time ago, if you wanted to get a face of Frank one, I took a pressure and I was going to put it to a good pilot and a good car and a good car.
And if the car and the film were the enough enough -- you would get the career.
This is what it is, in engineering -- it will be able to control control in real time.
In essentially it's a system that has two companies, a sense and a approach.
Today, the interesting system is that the control systems in real time are starting to go into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electricity in the last few years.
They are getting computers to the air.
And as you know, they're starting to respond to a different way and they can be democratized and activity.
It will take cities is a big thing.
As no one wants to figure out that cities are only two percent of the planet, but they represent 50 percent of the global population.
75 percent of energy energy -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 effects of the CO2.
If we could do something with the cities, it would be a big thing.
More of the cities in the cities, all of these challenges and activity are coming into our everyday object.
This is from a Palm English for last year in the Man, for the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer for the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of the summer in the summer of
It's called "The Talk -- "Hey, "Now."
Well, our objects will start talking to them.
In a way, it's as if almost all of us are able to make sense of them and activists.
And that is changing the interaction that as humans have with the extraordinary environment.
And in a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michael Liberia.
You know, when I was able to hear the Mountain -- you know that the end of the Mars, and he said that at the end of the Mountain -- you can still see a little ball down, and he said, "Hey, "Hey doesn't put it?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment.
And I'm going to show you just just a few examples -- including the idea of taking the environment and act something.
Let's start with democracy.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago.
It was a window with the next of 2007, the other.
It was the year in the Internet of the world.
And maybe some of you remember it, they would take it up and France, and in the end of Jeinster gave the head.
And all of us, at the end of the end.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the College in the middle and the Rossian Country.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is in the subject.
On the bottom there are people over here, and there we are doing called called movies.
It starts the particle, silence.
Google from France.
You know, people make a quick call and it's going to go to the bank.
Second time.
The first anti-market time.
Jesus, and in a moment, the head.
George India, right?
That night were all going to put it into the center of it.
There you see the big single.
The next day they were all at the center of the center of the team and the first measure of then.
And then the whole world.
You see the image of the place called China Mars where the time is going to be able to get -- people are going to be able to take it -- it's a big face, you can see the fish at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city of a way that we haven't been able to do just a few years ago.
Another example example of democracy, it's not about people, but of things that we use and we consider.
Today, we know all about the price of our object.
This is a map that shows all the kids that make a Mars, how they get them.
But we know very little about where things.
And so in this project we developed a little bit of small strangers to take the shape in the system.
We started with a few of them who helped us in Second a little bit more than a year ago to figure out what they were described -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that all of us will be able to see things like that.
And then we put them a little child, a street, and then we started to survive it.
These are the results of it.
So from September.
After a week.
With this information we realized that there are a lot of institutions in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they don't exist.
They are happening things and there is a lot of transformation transformation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if you look at all of the days that the head that we have to do is not stopped, which is still in some place of the planet.
And that if the flow of plastic that we would take a day still there.
And if we show it that to people -- then we can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
That was the reason of the project.
And my colleagues of MIT, San Burk, I could tell you much more about democracy and so many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we put in the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something that we did a couple of years ago in Mexico.
And everything started with a question of the city of the city, which came and told us that Space and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of the water in public spaces in the architecture of the world.
And the question was, how can the technology -- new technology, the new technology.
And one of the ideas that we developed in the MIT, in a street, it was, you imagine that they have a box and visitors, looking at them -- leaders that go down and get them down.
It's created as a water of water, with water.
If you get the doctors you can write in them, and you can show them patterns -- you can show them patterns.
And at the time, the correct will be open to be able to go on, as you see in the picture.
We put this into the Bangladesh Bank.
He liked a lot of it.
And you have a compassion to design the building to the entire of the experience.
So we call it Palestinian State Palestinia.
All the building is made of water.
There are no polls or gentlemen, but when you go up with you that you can happen.
The car is also full of water.
And if there is a little bit of wind if you want to deal with the salard, it goes down.
Or you can close the building and all of the architecture in this case, like this case.
Those days will always have somebody in the invention -- when you get the street, somebody who was there and he said, "Do you say the building."
No, it's not that you have it, but when you go down almost all of the architecture that you have to do about it.
Here is in work.
It looks at the people who are going on with what happens.
And here I am trying to be trying to be able to be able to try to test the sense of the water.
I think I should tell you what a night was going on when all the sense of work.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children of Mexico came to the building because the way that we had to interact a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was going to leave to let me go on, but a building that kept doing construction and black holes and you had to go out to be able to be able to get out of it.
(Audience: And for us. And for us that was very interesting because as an architecture, engineers are always thinking about the use that people will give our design.
But then the reality is always impressive.
And this is the beauty of doing things to do things to interact that people use it.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pieces of water -- the photographers of water.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pieces could start to fly it.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air and every one has a little bit of a little bit of color as if it was a man that is moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a head, like the one that we saw before.
We could form this back.
And a kind of sub-subtle screen like this with a normal consequence in two dimensions.
Or normal -- but in three dimensions in which what changes is the light, not the position of the polices.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen.
And then all of that could be able to put a piece of photographs in three to the one that you can go up, and you can see, and you can see it from a lot of teachers.
So this is the real collective for the control control, to make a Vietnam, like before.
When you get the light, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them control by a person.
So we can have each side with a control that comes from people, the movement of people -- and so on.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We have been working with Robert Bill -- -- the world's best batteries of today, the star of New York and New York to capture their movements in 3D and use them as a control for the Florida.
So here we can look at Rome back.
On the left you see the papers, the capacity in different resources.
It's so much 3D democracy in real time.
It can recognize all the movement.
You can get all the way.
And once we have the pieces we can play with them, with the color and the movement and the movement and the relationship.
We want to use this as a possible possible for the Facebook.
I wanted to show you the last project where we're working on.
It is something for the London Labbes of London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in London, in
It's called the New York.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could invest people to do something and change our environment.
Imagine that we could make all of a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spent the physical world to the digital world.
We've designed everything like the knowledge -- and it's open through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- for the first time, we can show us the digital world, we can go from the digital world, from the research of the researchers, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a silence.
That means something built in a city.
But morning, it can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or the Christians of CO2 -- how do we go from the digital world to the physical world.
The idea is that we can make people involved to do this together.
The neighborhood is a one, again, and again, made out of the same way that the real thing is a little bit of particles.
And those particles are water, while in our neighborhood are public.
It is a physical structure in London, but I set out of photographs.
You can move on the inside of it to have different experience.
You can see from below down, it will be to share the main moments of the Pole Elephants in the United States, and even more, and it can use as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physics of the sky as something that you can support, as a new city of London, as a new city of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as a new quote of London, as
You can get out there.
As if it was a new digital family in the night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the city.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are.
So guess that I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes -- they could improve the memory -- for a more likely and more quickly.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way to be more strong to be more resources.
Would you like to be more activity and security of themselves.
What can you live more with good health.
Or maybe they're about those people who always wanted to be more creative people.
What is the thing that is going to do that?
What would you like to do if you could be able to get something.
And I came from the Australia, creativity.
How many people would get creativity?
You get the hand. Let me see.
They are probably because of the amount of creative people.
That's very good.
How many of you get the metaphor?
A few more.
And the physical state state?
A little less.
What about the light?
Oh, most of them makes me feel very well as a doctor here.
If you could have something about this the world would be very different.
Is it just impossible?
Or might it be possible.
The evolution has been a subject here in the TED conference but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the issue.
The great generation of the 20th century, TED, Mars, that all of the things that was started in the American American Arthur, I wrote a sensitive sub-Saharan statement in biology it has a sense of the light of Europe."
But if you actually affect the biological evolution to do this, it's just about the past.
Is the other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this room, well in a strange -- it's of course, the one that we're interested in.
We get out of a common company with the modern chimpanzees a few or eight million years.
In the interaction has been maybe 20 or 25 different species.
Some of them have heard and see.
We have been here about 300 years old.
It could seem to seem to be very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in their most basic machine of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can save and control the map of a common bacteria to produce the price of human intelligence that is used to treat the distance?
This is not like human inspiration -- but it's the same project, which is the same protein, which comes out of the paradigm.
And I'm talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take all of the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body.
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think about -- when I said the passion of the subject, think about the backsones?
The interest is a wonderful environment for those bacteria for those bacteria for them.
It is climate -- discussion, management, it's very advanced.
And we're going to give you all the neurons that you can want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to want to
It really is like a very quick thing for the bacteria with the basic interaction of some of it has been used to the room.
But so we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help to give us the essential diseases, and they protect them from certain disease.
But what does the future.
Are we in a kind of evolutionary team as species as species like species.
Or do you want to become a different thing, something perhaps better to the environment?
In this view of the universe.
That was us.
And it was also the whole part of this talk so that I hope that they have discovered.
When I remember the college I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the electricity and the beauty of the biology.
And I found from the power of evolution and I realized something fundamental in most of the life of life, in most of the lives of life, every single cell of the genetic energy and all the genetic energy of that cell is brought to two children.
But when you get the organizations that are starting to change.
It goes into the sexual revolution of the sexual relationship of the sexual relationship of the sexual relationships.
And something very important -- with the security of the sexual relationship that happens the genome -- the rest of the body becomes present.
In fact, you could say that the evidence of the death of the body is in evolution in the same moment of sexual relationship at the same time.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student thought -- well, substance, secret, secret by sex -- it seemed pretty much right at that time, but with every year that I was going on.
And I got to understand the feeling of George Beach, who still went up in the lives well in their 90 years.
And one night somebody else goes back to her home.
He open the door out.
And I front to him in front of it is a little bit of a radio show up.
I looked at it and he says, "You see a search of a second season.
"I said, "Well, he says George, I said the supermarket."
I realized that, as a doctor -- that I was working for a different goal at the goal of evolution -- not necessarily control, just different.
I was trying to protect the body.
I wanted us to get us out of us.
I wanted to remember the health in the disease.
I wanted we to live more and more health.
The evolution is going to spend the genome to the next generation to the next generation in the next generation of the next generation in the next generation of generalization.
From a point of an evolutionary point -- and we are kind of kind of designed enough to send the genetic car to the next level and then let me go back to the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Western Stanford -- when he said, "I don't want to get the industry through my work.
I want to do it not death."
The evolution doesn't necessarily need to go to the location.
It doesn't necessarily need to the largest or the faster or the faster and I don't even even even get to the most intelligent one.
The evolution is going to be a better creativity to the better creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of surface and success.
In the bottom of the ocean the basis of the ocean that you can come back to the heat of the factors that I would produce if there were fish in the edge of the value, and yet, they have been able to make it out of that one environment.
So what does this mean -- when you look at this, when you look at what is happening in evolution and if we go back to the human of humans in the evolution and particularly if we look at it, to the next need -- I would say there's a lot of possible.
The first one is that we don't get it.
We've got a kind of wrong.
And the fact that it would be that through the medicine. First of all, we have known a lot of genes of genes that have been developed and electricity of the population.
And in second place, as a species -- we have become our environment environment so that we get us as much as us as we get to him.
And by the way, let's take us so much that it's no longer possible to have the needs to have the evolution for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you have a solar evolution of the traditional guy -- natural force by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the antibiotics of evolution are going to go down, but they're interesting.
And at the time, when as a species, when as a species is going to exist.
But there is a third possibility -- and there is a third possibility and a profit and a present and a profit and a profit and a profit and a profit professor.
And the new neurons, the new evolution that is not just natural but it is not simply -- and it goes through us as an individuals in the decisions that we will do.
Now, how could it happen this?
How could we get to do this?
First of all, we consider the reality that many people today, in some culture.
In some culture, they are able to have more variables than women.
It's not really good for society, but it's what you get to the individual level and family.
Think about that if it was possible to be able to be able to be able to get not just the sex of their designer, but in their own body to make the genetic antibiotics to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
And if we could do the genetic changes to deal with the diagnostics or the Architecture or reduce the risk of cancer or encourage the response?
They don't want to do that change in their genes in their genes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The human George Ground started in 1998, and it took 12 years.
It costs 2,000 million dollars.
By the next year, I was going to have done in 2008, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the 3,000 billion times from the human genome to a short cost to the 2000 and in a week.
It won't make a lot of so that you can actually make the human genome for 1,000 and being more and more and more of all of all of them.
You get those change.
The same technology that has produced the human intelligence in bacteria can be able to protect them that not only are going to protect them from the same but they are going to industry the other virus against other violence.
You know, there is not an experiment in course with the vaccine against the collective of a planet of a particular planet.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the side?
That's actually today, and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine the other two little changes in it.
Can you change the cells of their bodies but if you could change the cells of their desert devices?
And if you could change the spectrum and the values -- or to change the value of the flower and give their kids a better chance of a more healthy life of a healthy life -- to take the discovery, to get the risk of cancer cancer."
Who doesn't want kids to get more stories?
And then, that same amazing technology, that same analysis of science that can produce the changes to produce us to allow us to allow us to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to be able to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us to allow us to be able to allow us
Why don't you have the engineering of a Kenya Jews about all if you could put it with the next generation of the Mars Mars?
Why do you not have a more difficult thing that allows us to run faster and more distribution?
Why do you not live more time.
This is going to be international.
And when we are in conditions of putting this to the next generation and we can apply the arguments that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the benefits in the neuron.
We are going to take a process that could not be able to take 100 years old, and we can put it to 1,000 years and maybe happened within the next 100 years.
These are electricity that their kids, or the kids of their kids, they're going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society of a better society, more extraordinary, more expensive consequences.
Or are we going to be able to get a lot of different things that we want for some of us but not for the data?
Are we going to build a society that is more completely and more and more responsibility and more responsibility?
This is the kind of question that we're going to have to figure out.
And the most profound thing about all, we're going to be able to develop the wisdom and to be able to get the wisdom to take these decisions to take these decisions to make these decisions the same sample?
For good or bad -- and before I could think about what you might think about is going to stop from us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explanation when you're at 600 feet of all the time.
You imagine a little bit of human antibiotic.
Imagine a map by doing a climate doing climate, climate climate.
climate -- climate, climate, climate. It's supported.
Well, I had a single thing that day. I was sitting on the 1990.
It was the only one that I could talk to with the seats of blood.
And so I looked at them, and they said, "I don't have problem. We probably get a few years."
The film had already seen the antibiotic, and we were not so far away.
You could see Mars.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The plan is the plane with the roof of the Hollywood.
That's not the room.
And I went up the motors.
Imagine going to be in a plane and no responsibility.
And then he said three words.
The three words that have ever heard about it.
He said, "I'm going to be to the impact."
I did not have to talk more with the search of the back.
I could see it in their eyes.
It was terrible. The life was ended.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a instrument.
So we have this list of things to do before we get to die -- these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and I didn't do it, all the close I wanted to do, all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had it.
And as I thought about that, I came up with a farmer, I came up with a fat, which is "The battle company.
Because if the wind is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to add anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we were able to get the George George War, which was not for a lot -- I thought about it, I think I really feel a big one.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and I have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well.
And then the time I lost in things that they don't care about people who are important.
And I thought in my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to take the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect -- but it's much better.
In two years I haven't had a film with my wife with me.
It feels about wrong.
It's no longer trying to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental relationship is going on, 15, 18, 18.
You see the water.
I'm saying, please.
I don't want this to take it in 20 pieces as you see in those discoveries.
And as we opened up, I had the feeling of it, and I would die it doesn't give up.
It's almost like we've been prepared for it all our life.
But it was very strong.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that strength came into a single thinking, which is just a thing.
And I could see my kids to grow up.
A few months later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first thank you very much -- not a lot of art --                                 and I mean, like a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason of being the world.
At that point I understood those two points -- that the only thing that is important in my life is to be a great father.
For all of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I got a million, not to die that day.
And I became another rule that was the possibility to look at the future and come back to another way.
And you are looking at them today, the challenge that you imagine that the same thing is going on in his plane -- and please that it's not like this -- but you know, and how do you change?
What is what they would do, who still hope to do because they think they are going to live for it?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
And clearly I've been a little bit of life with a lot of amazing projects.
But the most great thing that I worked was for this guy.
The guy is called TED.
TED was one of the most important factors of the 1980s.
One day came back to his house after I went back and said, "Panda, I feel a ants in the pages.
And that was the beginning of the Steward.
So today has a total paradigm there.
It can only use the eyes.
His work is in me.
I have a design of design and attention so that you can obviously be a kind of interested thing that we would look at and we respond in the world.
And so we decided that we were going to pay to Time, TED, and to their cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his cause and his
So I went and I went up with his brother and his father and I said, "We will give them this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to talk to you with Time again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate me."
And I said, "I don't say -- it's not that -- I see San Harvard, isn't that all people with paradigms can be able to communicate those states?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody important and have a very good thing you can't actually do it.
These devices are not available for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The family and the market?
They communicate that way, they go through the death.
I said, "This is a fact. How can you be?
So I asked you with the single desire of getting a car and instead of that I was going to have a chair that I didn't have the least idea of how I was going to cover it.
I bought with his brother and with his father there in that moment at that point, very well, this is the transformation, Shanghai is going to talk to you, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to do their art again.
Because it is a story that someone who have so much in their interest can't compare.
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Google Reality Roman Rossia, who have a technology that allows them to protect a light in any surface and then, with a pressure -- they draw about that and they remember the negative space.
So they're going to go out there doing the art of art like this.
All of the things you do, they say, they're part of a life of life.
First of all, you start with the sexual organs -- then with the bad words, then with the architects to Brooklyn and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a city of life in their processing.
And so I started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a year after a long time, and a lot of moving the things in one side we had made a couple of things.
One, we put the door companies and we get a machine so that TED could communicate -- a machine like the Harvard Harvard.
Which was great.
And in fact, it's the most fun -- I call it because when I talk to the guy you get a electricity of him, and you say, "I don't get it. This guy is fair."
The other thing that we did was to bring a seven programs from all the world of all the planets of the planet, to our home.
My wife, the kids and I, we move into the back of behind and these human and productive and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional and professional
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely structured and that when we go back to the cars of the wall and in their place there would be free.
But for two weeks, we went back to the top of Venus, my son was part of my son -- my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called South Stanford, and you can see the democracy.
They are a couple of batteries that we started in the top of the Sea Beach, something from the Chinese Bank, and things from David Department and Random Department.
We took a Chinese Camp, we put it up on a light of read and now there is a device that is thank you -- it makes you build -- we published the correction of the grassroots, the software goes down in a free way.
And we created a device that doesn't have a limitation in the absolute thing.
There is no sure that I say "No."
There are no hospital I can say "No."
Any person with them today has access to draw and communicate using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TED room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person and that is his room.
There were all of this blood and a little bit for the big infrastructure.
And after over a year of a year -- two weeks of program -- two weeks from all night, Tim went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of their life, and it's looking through the sound of their life.
We put it out the way so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you will imagine what was the feeling in the state.
The funny thing was that we had to bring into the stage so that we feel like we were going to get the graph as well.
And at the end of this he gave us a electricity and this was what we told us, "This was the first time that I used in seven years.
I felt as if I had been under the water and someone finally came back to me and get me out there so that I could read it.
It's not a wonderful?
In a way that is our war.
That's what you keep us in movement -- developing it.
And we have a long way.
It's a great device but it's the equivalent of a Mars Mars.
Somebody with this artificial potential is a much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to figure out how to improve and make it faster and ready.
Since then we've had all kinds of resources.
We've got a lot of principles.
And remember, it's grassroots, none of us are doing money with this.
Everything comes out of our own balloons.
The primary was the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic."
And I'm going to take you a little bit about us, and then, in mind, the Red Texas has been known as one of the 50 invented invest in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what I ended up to close the critic, is that at the end of this year in the Gulf of the MIT in the center of the Golds is going to be a experience called "The Carson.
And "The Cathett in the Cathetts is going to have the best experiments of the urban artist, Sandierry, TEDTalks, the stars are going to be there.
TED is going to be in the size which is pretty important.
So basically this is my idea, if you see something that is not possible to be possible.
No one of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer, the colleague, the microscope, nothing was possible in a certain time.
You can do this, any thing about this room.
I'm not a program -- I never did anything with a collective technology, I just remember something and I went up with a wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do all the days when we find with something that we think we have to do. If it's not now, right? And if I'm not me, what?
Thank you very much.
I have spent the last few years that are very difficult by the very difficult time and at the same time.
I went to the critical -- hard to the critic.
I worked in a minimum minute.
And I found in a war of war.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun to the beginning, something difficult in the middle -- very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career -- I have been running up in the stories on the only example of the trying to try to get social issues in ways that they are going to be able to take a lot of social ways so that they are interested with a way that you see in a way that you see in the audience.
So when I knew that I was going to be here to make a TED over the world of the markets and the pattern want to do something a little bit different.
So some of you can have heard -- or no, a couple of weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago in Earth.
I ended up some message in Facebook -- some in Tanzania, I grew up in the name of the name of my name of my TED TED.
What there was the next thing -- "The National Time, my TED statement, my TED thing that you don't have idea about what it is and still could explain it in the face -- especially if I put it into you or their company to do it.
But he said this, it's a very good opportunity medication.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDsters?
A lot.
It's a protection in progress by the way.
So I still know that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you would have asked me a year ago there was no years ago that I could have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to control them.
But in the new film that I'm working on -- we were working on the world of the marketing, the police.
And as I said to me, I have shown you in the horrible solutions in the last few years, but nothing could be able to be able to say, for something so difficult or as hard as they go into the room with these guys with them.
You see, I had this idea.
Look at South Space, I want to make a film that comes from the production of products -- the market and the police, and that all the film is familiar with products and particular and police.
The film is going to call "The biggest film before "self-assemble."
What happens in "The largest film -- is that everything else is that all of the authority, it has images of magnitude, all of the time, the time that you get before the star that comes back before the team, the 21st century.
Now this magic -- March State, the State County.
These people are going to get up to the fish to the period of a period.
And this is the way that I was going to explain all this idea. (Audience Karnish, is what is it." (M: It's record."
I am a period record.
It was "The period.
But we're not just going to have the pattern of the 1970s, but we are going to make sure that we are going to take all the cars that we can in the film.
Maybe we look at a shoe and it becomes the most great thing that you've used in.
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest film -- the best thing that you have been beautifully, the best transformation of "The largest film every bank before."
Now, the idea is then the idea of showing them as part of life as part of life, they will make the film financial -- "My magnitude find the shot, MR: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
And the goal of the full family is transportation.
You're going to see all the process in this film here.
That's the whole idea, all of the film to the end of the end.
And I would love it to help me make it happen.
Robert France, you know, it's thank you because it's the first time I hear that, it's the next thing for the audience.
Basses, I don't know how fast it is going to be the people to that.
AB: You have a perspective -- I don't know if you do that -- but you know how it's going to represent the restaurant."
MR: A million and a half and a half million and a half -- John Kan: I think it's going to be difficult to them, but that no longer is going to go back to a couple of big markets.
AB: You know, maybe for the moment that the film is looking at us as a whole lot of advanced ideas.
MR: What do you think is going to be the answer to be the answer going to be the answer.
South Russia, most of the answer will be not."
MR: But it will be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JS: You both things.
MR: So it means that you're not very experiments.
So help me help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MR: All right. (M: Okay.
MK: We need to think about what they do.
MR: Yeah, that's the design.
MK: We have some places where you go. (AB: Okay.
MR: I thought he was a car camera -- we have a conversation outside of microscope.
And the camera means we don't want to know anything about your film."
MR: And so it was, one by one, all of these complex companies came out.
None of you want to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised me.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impossible, I thought that the concept of the police -- it was to introduce the product as many people as possible. It will make it so much people as possible.
And especially in the world today is going to be interested in the world of new media and old media and the middle of the modern media is not the idea to tell up with that new piece of attention that is going to take the message to the man?
No, that's what I thought I thought about.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a radical strength, and that was this.
I really didn't have to do that way.
There was no structure at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this picture.
You see, when you look at images of terms in Google --       this is one of the first images that they are.
I like your way to recognize, Sea Brazil. No.
This was the problem -- the transformation, the sense of simplicity or solar, it is very slowly or self-assemble, and it was very excited about vision, and it was very excited about the violence or an information of information -- all of the particles of business -- being the last line that the biggest problem.
You see, we have a lot of about tradition in these days.
Our politicians will notice it, the president of the name -- even the name is the name of it.
But suddenly when it comes to make it really change something change.
But why is that? Well, the transportation day --  -- like that kind of thing I still still get up.
It's impossible --                                                                   
And it is also very aware.
What other thing is it?
It will eat an entire research of Congress Wall.
That is very aware.
When I started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell me a story.
We want you to take a story -- but you have a story of history.
You see, when I was a little girl and my father came up in some method -- and there is him just like used to do it -- he said, "Hey, there are three feet in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company -- a company is going to help us -- and that's just because I met John Boston and Richard Kenya of a lot of years old, I realized that I would have to go through my mind, I would have to go to the interest and go to the companies I was with all my team.
So what I started to get out of it -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to become the idea of understanding the idea of understanding your music is a universal problem.
MR: I have friends that do big film phones, huge and other people who make small film films, individuals, like the me.
And my friends that make them from Hollywood phones -- grandmasters, they say that the reason why their film have so much success is because they have a little bit on the side that they have.
And then my friends that make them individuals they say, "Well, how do we know that we're going to share with these large movies of Hollywood hospital films.
And the film is called "The largest film before "I went back."
How are we going to see especially at Bali in the film?
Every time I am going to go out, every time I open my back, you'll see the death of the Bangladesh.
In any time for a mind with somebody can say, "Do you be good for this international internation?
Are you ready? You see a little bit there.
I want to help you get you out.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the international interview."
And there is one of these favorite faces.
The South Charles as "The Park of the Park is going to have their opportunity.
We are going to have so much for man as a woman to woman.
That's the general video.
Now I can tell you their questions and give them a pressure visit.
Kanzin Frankle," we are a small map.
It similar to the kind of small movie than you -- we are more well a really nice machine.
And so we don't have the answer that they have other markets.
So you do things like that, you know, remember the people that are the reason that this is why it is interested in.
MR: What words would you use to describe to Barretton?
Basic is in white base.
KB: That's a big question.
Woman: technology.
MR: technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put on the street.
Man: Let's talk about something else, free.
I think that I do this -- it's a great word that actually put this box in the top of the virus visit and the surgery."
You keep you free.
How do we get a little bit more time?
So things like those who are going to be responsible.
MR: And that's a musical company.
What about me? What is a guy company?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the common Peoplers.
They have to talk about me.
MR: How do you define your market?
Man: My magnetic machine?
I don't know.
I like the good.
Woman: I would go back the 80 percent particles to less than it is a day of shape.
MR: It's right, what is the Galapagos Galaxy?
Geographical, something else -- so I guess that the kind of gender, the state that I have was like a distribution floor.
I like a lot of dark colors and so many groups and things like this.
And so it takes it up with the arguments of the sun -- or I like the creatures and similarities.
women, if you give up a market could be a climate color, Mars Benjamin.
Man: The reason that I am -- I call the correct company.
woman. In part here, in part of the hole, in part of Berlin, I don't know.
Man: I'm the kind of magic.
You can see them in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my music.
In my little sense, that's my magnitude.
Man: My husband is Fine because I get the market.
Man: Man failed freedom.
Is that that?
And I am a completely advanced market.
Take -- I'm Tim.
MR: Well, we don't all be able to be a man, but I often get me on the international international interview and completely computer.
I realized I needed a experience.
I needed someone who could go into my head, somebody who could help understand what they call the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Third "Things."
And I found a company called The Shannina Camp in Park.
They helped companies like Norway, Shanghai, Health to discover that piece of magnitude.
If they could do it for them, they could be able to do it for me.
Audience: They transform the pictures -- right?
MR: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
AB: How much a little bit of a little bit about your thoughts and feeling your way to be.
MR: These people move my way to see the world.
AB: How much of that world.
MR: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live in, like the people who get you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things came up and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family and they start in my family.
AB: What is the next thing you want to talk about?
MR: The next one is the best day of my life."
AB: How do you recognize this with your thoughts and you feel and your way to be?
MR: It's like I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like the red things. I like the red things.
AB: How much of the beautiful -- so what do we do that?
What is the market? What do you get to do you find you now?
Why is it important to represent it? What is the reason?
How much about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
So what other teachers have you going on?
I don't have to have a sense. So what kind of mountain management are you?
MR: And I go.
AB: Thank you for your patients. (CA: Big work."
MR: Yeah, I don't know what it's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of location in all this.
Let's see Lake Zeanness, the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different side, but you know, in your own personality -- the Mars Mars Mars is a constantly development machine.
They get very good together.
And I think there is almost a piece in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than the other.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's the human nature of the ones that are not safe -- they are going to get the fear -- and you actually give you the memory, and you actually give you a little bit of a position for you, and it is a little bit to see that.
What else is it like that?
The first thing here is climate, Alaska.
And you can see it here to Tanzania, Wall, Michael of Michael Congo and Jerrie.
Now there are labor markets and markets -- those things that have gone and come in, but a deep market is a pretty powerful thing.
MR: A death market. What is your magnetic man?"
If someone asked you to describe your sense of magnitude, your personal perspective -- what would it be?
Are you a advance answer? Are you somebody who makes the shape flow of the flow flow of the flow that is going to make the shape flow of the flow flow of the flow flow of the flow that is going to make the shape flow of the flow flow of the flow flow of the flow that is going to make the shape flow of the flow flow
Or are you more good at a death an airplane?
A little bit more calculating, responsibility, relationships?
And these are a little bit like it is to be Africa like the President, control, and a strand or audience as Alexander Force, fast or glass, professional or glass, magnificent, magnificent or music like Galapago.
Or are you more good about advanced any death?
Are you aware as a sense of 1985?
Are you strange, traditional product," protection, protection to you with Steven?
Are you convinced -- I mean, family, fact, safe or surgery, successful or known, like the Day Mars or David?
In the course of this film we had more than 500 companies and and decisions, who said, "No, they didn't want to form part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film -- mostly because they didn't have control about the final project.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuron, and we got to tell the story in this film of how they are now using the magic responsibility to identify the center of the design in the brain in the brain in the brain in the brain.
And we went to San Park where they have presented the audience on the air.
In all the city for the last five years, there are no cars, there are no cars, there is no colors, nothing.
And we went to a high school in which companies are doing a way in the school problems in the U.S.
The incredible thing for me is that the projects I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more success in which I've been interested with different things.
And that's what they did these markets.
They went to the international, they went to their angers, and they said maybe these guys don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to try it directly with the artists of the art.
I'm going to work with him to create something different -- something that's going to do to think about people who are going to develop the way we look at the world.
And how do you have it? Do you have it?
Well, since the film are in the Facebook of Sun, we get a video.
The film of the film are going to be in energy, and since then this is not all of us -- we've had 600 billion impact in the media for this film.
This is just a period of two weeks and a half weeks ago.
That's just in the line -- and I don't think -- or TED.
The film is still not enough.
It's still not at all. It's not at all.
It's not even interested in other countries.
In the last one, this film has already started to win it up.
And it's not bad for almost all of the things that we talk about is that they were going to be able to be part of them will not be part of it.
I've always believe that if you get up, if you take risk -- if you take risks that in those risks there are opportunity.
I think when you go to the people of that are being able to go to the Africa.
I think when you get up to their employees in the risk to the risk of the risk in the risk of the risk to come out of the responsibility.
I feel that what you have to happen to figure out is that we have to feed people to address.
We have to feed people that I don't have a fear of the opportunities that you can show them.
And in the last beginning, I think we have to give you the meter.
We need to put that guy in a car.
Let's take the fear -- let's take the risk out.
From a car at a time, we have to take the risk out.
And in unfortunately, we have to be able to go to transportation.
Today, more than a little bit of hospital is going to get a long way.
And I said this -- and I said to them, and I mean, all of my talk "We "The "The Trade -- it has been presented by my good friends of Chinese who by 1978, who made the rights of the name in Earth.
HG: It becomes great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
And I found the Terms Project Project."
Thank you very much.
John Congress, then, Moro, in the name of the transparency, who happened exactly with those 1988.
MR: It's an extraordinary question.
And in my screen I have a name of the name of the TED organization of TED, the Facebook Santa, a chair for 1999, to be a star for my attack for the next year.
The idea behind the sub-subtle infrastructure is actually very simple.
We don't want them to get the nuclear boat.
And their biggest activity to develop numbers is the planet of the University of University in National.
The groups that you see are systems of control in real time.
If we have to make these systems that control these systems and visualizations, we can cause a lot of problems with the control.
The groups don't use software of Wallandos, are a completely different technology.
But if we get to put an effective virus of Walls in a political computer, used by an engineers to put this box up, then we are ready for us.
This is the plan behind Sun.
We started with a Wikipedia start.
The blood is going to the box to the blue box -- and the nuclear program is going to be democratized, and the nuclear program.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research about Super six months ago, the purpose was completely dead.
The only thing I knew is that it's very, very complex in the part of Balies, the industry used marketing markets.
It seemed to want to do something with these grassroots -- these control systems.
That called us the attention and we started an experiment where we put our environment with Super and we saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Super came up like a lab of lab that I didn't like to get our country, and I didn't want to eat it.
I had no sense for me.
And then I was going to tell you with different skills -- I realized and I thought, and I thought, and I thought, this is a digital room.
It's completely distribution."
The industry is looking at it in the blue box if you find a specific consequence, and even if the program that's trying to figure out is actually working in that place.
If no, Super doesn't do anything.
So that's called my attention and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the object is.
It could be going to be -- we say for example, a global energy of the United States or a chemical planet in America.
So better than we found the whole object.
And so we put it up and we put the code out and we found out that I was structure in two different distances, a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very deeply presented by people who obviously had all the international information.
They know all of the points that I would do.
They probably even know how much of the computer.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Arab institution is complex and high technology -- let me tell you the car is a very complex thing.
It's very excited about everything we have seen before.
So here you see a show of this piece of attack.
We're talking about about 15 thousand lines of code line.
It looks pretty high language language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code to this.
What we looked at at the beginning, they were called to work of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked at terms and structures of data and we tried to remind them with the real world, with the real world of the real world.
We need theory theory that we can add or describe.
In order to get up to objects about objects -- we remember that it's definitely a violence value, it should be a visual white -- and it is safe in Iraq, because it's where most of the institutions has been recorded.
They don't find several thousands of objects in that area.
It basically goes back to the nuclear power of nuclear energy and to the pressure of National English.
So I said to myself, "I am a list of all of the experts in terms and plants of energy between our climates.
And I called them and put them into an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it works pretty well.
So we could add the little digital red with the control.
The red is that mobile part inside the control, that black object you see.
If you take the speed of this robot, certainly you can use it and even make the experience to get it.
What we also saw is that the goal of the room was to do it and find out in an effort to come back to the local engineers to get them to the minds of motivation, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to describe the big digital roof looking very much close to the data and their structure.
So for example, the number 18 percent in that code -- you can't know.
I started to be able to be able to be able to make a scientific language about how these scientists are built in National and found that they're a structure in what is called a star, and every single thing comes up with 18 stress.
That had sense, there was a control.
And they put better yet.
These guys in Iraq are designed in 15 parts called stars.
And guess what we found at the corner of a street?
A kind of individual structure.
So again, that was a good control.
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no markets, it wasn't like this.
The results have been getting after several weeks of work.
And we were able to end up in patterns and we had to go back to it.
Even so, we found that both of them were discovered to one and the same thing, but from different nations.
The little little bit is taking a street, and making it down and related the red and the big room and the big thing to be with six sides and manager self-assembled.
And we are very aware that we have shown what the device is.
It's National, and it's just National.
We don't have to worry about others that other objects are accepted by Super-five.
Here I showed you some very interesting things that we saw -- they really care about me.
There is the blue box -- and it goes up the streets.
So what this thing does is to increase the values of the sense of the senses for example, for example, and the sense of vision and professional characters and professional code -- which is still going on for the attack, with factory data.
And I grew up or not, these data data are produced by Super-five.
It's kind of like the Hollywood movies where the robot, the car camera is going to come out of visible video.
Is it great.
The idea here is obviously not just going to get the computers in the fourth of control in the fourth of control here.
It's really much more dangerous and a little bit more family.
The idea is to bring a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human computer could not act fast up.
For example, in a energy of energy, when the great value of value is going to come out of it, you have to open them out of scale in a millimeter.
And obviously this can't do a human computer.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they are computer, then you can spend bad things.
The plant can explain it.
And I don't want to get the security of security to do it.
That starts.
But it can be oil.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This approach is great.
It doesn't have anything to see -- especially with surgery, with the university of the university.
It could work also as well, for example, in a energy of energy -- or in a fundamental factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a stream -- which is going to be dead with a strand step, as we saw in the case of Sudan.
You could also use control technology to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
It will tell you the most possible.
And if you did that, with what you would end up is with a magnificent democracy design.
That's the trust that we need to figure out.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of objects for attention is not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not in the Middle East, it's not
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All of the green areas are kind of a huge number of object.
We need to figure out the conditions and better than we start to pay now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Radio, it has been public in many ways that people are going to take the Mountain is the main food behind this.
What is your option?
Rain Law, OK, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My goal is that the Mountain is investigating -- but the reason is not Iraq."
This is the motor behind this is the climate surface.
There is a single one, and that's the United States of the United States -- and that's the United States.
Because in other way, our problems would be even bigger problems.
CA: Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take a robot that you can take it -- or another thing that makes you use of them to get out of them and go back and go back to walk up.
In Berlin Billsone" we call these robots -- expensive.
They're not different from something that you put in the morning, he gives you a big force -- that you can increase their speed and help it -- for example, for example, to make the wrong.
It's actually the real interest of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can get it into the universe.
This is not an incredible idea.
To show you now in what we're working on is what we are working on about the American soldiers that in average, it has to take it on his ability for a camera of 45 miles -- and it's going to take it even more wrong.
And obviously this leads to some important companies -- let me put in the street, in the 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a hundred percent.
We decided to control this challenge and create a strange that could help us make the subject.
Let me introduce you to the 1970s, or because of the United States.
Solar, with the 1998 counter I can put 90 miles per single time for many hours.
Their favorite design allows you to put them into the streets and explore movement with great family.
I want to do what I want to do, or where I want to go in, and then I want to go up and then my force and my resources.
Tanzania British, we are ready with our industrial society, to produce this show, this new experience, this year.
Or it's a reality.
So let's go back now to the looking at the universities of strangers, about what I feel particularly appropriate.
There are 99 million people -- in terms of restaurants, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population population.
And this is a really, really connected car.
So let's talk about something that happens with something that happens with it, very young people who are going to start their life -- at the age of 20 or 40 years or 40 years -- and they were going to control a died and the surface of results to be his only choice.
We also talk about the population that it is able to be very quickly.
His only choice -- a lot of times -- for a brain or some other compassion -- is the standard of the restaurant.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful experience, as I should recognize it.
So we decided to start to write a new car on the movement.
So let me introduce you the European who is using London Berlin who makes 18 years ago, and as a result would not go back to walk for 18 years, until now.
The Brooklyn Bono, thank you.
AB: And American is using our European, which was measuring.
It has a few feeling ...
It's completely not involved in the mountains that they send in the computer of the bank -- here in the star.
And there are also a few bacteria that give them energy in the cars, and in the colors, and they do it to get it up with this supply and very natural thing.
AB: I was 24 years at the top of my life when I was in the air.
In a second, I lost all feeling and all the movement of the film to down.
I have a long time later, a doctor went to my room in the hospital and said, "Mom, I never will go back to the way."
That happened 18 years ago.
So I took it up to the last piece of my be.
The technology technology since then, it has allowed me to learn to let me learn to you right now, and I would even get up and even stand in a lot of hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk to me, until now.
Thank you.
AB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the planets to feel and talk to you.
It's in our hands -- and we have all the potential here to change the lives to the future of genetic future -- not just soldiers, but to all the users of streets -- to all of them to all of the streams to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just come from a community that has the secret of human surface.
It's a place where women have the battery, produce sex to say here, and the game is the order of the day where the diversity is a serious thing.
And no, it's not the phenomenon of the man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, known to their food.
This is the world of the barrier banks of Congo.
The banks are, along with the chimpanzees, their own living lives.
And that means that we all share a common and an evolutionary game, which lived a few million years ago.
Now, the guys are known by their advance.
But of course, we've made too much.
But the banks show us the other side of the world.
And as the guys are developed by great kinds of big sounds, the social society is a lot of men with power.
These guys have created something special -- because this leads to a very nice society where the moral violence is still not looking at it.
But of course, the banks are the less understanding of the big similarities.
They live in the deep of the construction seat, and it's been very hard to study them.
The connection is a paralyzed, a biological land and beauty -- but also, but also the heart of a violence of a violence that has been published by decades and cause almost as much dead as much as the first World War war.
It's not going to explain that this distribution also put it on the surface of the bank.
The beginning of carbon and democracy do that you can't get a study with the banks that are in the world, and yet, we are not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and gentlemen, you can hear the risk that we can hear the trees.
Who are these right?
We know them. We know it like the love, not the war, not the war, because they have sex and biological and self-assembly to achieve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humans because the life of the banks is more than the Koran Sun.
On the banks, like humans love the long way of all their life.
It's not just a game of children.
For us and for them to get the game is fundamental to be able to be able to be able to make them self-assemble.
We learn to trust it, and we learn the rules of play.
The game can increase creativity and research and it has to do with the genetic generation of diversity -- diversity of communications, diversity of consequences.
And when you look at the game game to look at the same experience of the room, the dance and the human robot.
The game is the next thing that tells us.
I don't know how to play you but I want to show you a couple of only single video videos from the size of the size.
First of all, it is a play game statement, and I don't talk about.
Here we have a man and a young man in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what's doing it.
It could be the evolution of the front of the factor, it has the passion of the papers.
I just think that in this case to him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common as well as in humans.
And this video is really interesting because this video is really interesting because this video is really interesting because it shows you the research of trying to bring them into the game -- -- and also how the game is going to be trust and failure the trust -- and at the same time is the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can take a lot of ways -- some of which are more station, imagine -- maybe -- maybe the place where you get the amount of the amount.
And I want you to see -- this is Franklin, a young man -- which is playing with water.
I think that as it is, sometimes we put them together, and we explore the limits of our international world and experience.
And it is that very difficult quality that we care about to explore -- and then the conditions that we form are the real reality of creativity of creativity in it.
These are just small shows of the understanding that the banks give us from our past and present them.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to make a world more difficult and more difficult and more constantly constant.
The secret is that the game is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our concept of adaptation.
In order to give us a world to a world that changes we have to play.
But we're going to go back to the middle of the game camera?
The game is not fairly.
The game is wrong.
In order and humans and humans is not just creating and description.
When it looks like the least place, you can be the moment that it's the most exciting thing.
And so you put them on, let's take this back of evolution and we put together together as we remember the creativity and the anti-market and the amount.
Thank you.
In New York -- I am responsible to development of an organization without fire called Rome House.
And when I'm not making the poverty -- and I don't buy the poverty -- and you can see them as a way of capacity in a body.
And in our city in our city, where you see them to a highly quality person you have to get to the site of the very soon institution to get into action.
I remember my first international.
I was the second fly in the site -- so I had a pretty high piece of go.
But still there was a career to put the other vaccines in order to get to the ability to reach and figure out what our task was.
When I found the capacity -- I was involved in a conversation with the purpose that no one of the worst days of their life.
We were at night, she was out of thinking out on the class, under a piece of parallel, and the parallel, as his house was in called calls.
The other thing that I was just going to get before I was going to get before I was --    I got first to the capacity and he asked him to go back and save the dog of the home.
The period." I was so care."
So there was a speed or a money of money that for the rest of his life, it would have to tell people who come into a building in call to save a living living only because I gave me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The capacity made me a low.
He said, "You need to go into the house.
I need to take it up, and I took it to this woman a couple of cars.
The superconductor.
It was not exactly what I expect but I went up with the stage, and the end of the planet, I went to the real research that the most or less they had ended up to get the fire and go into the front of a couple of factors.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a horse.
And I took my ability to go back to the scale where I met my Mars and to the person in the main police.
We went out of the house for the house of house where it was to wait in the home of the house where it was a lot more attention than the me.
So a few weeks later, I got a letter of the house of the house in the top of the way that we have to save their house.
The ability that she looked for about the other thing was that someone had taken it even a couple of families.
And so I was in my vision in my vision in Robert Hole as a visit of the variable of the general and advanced in a mental scale in a mental scale -- but it also comes out of thank you and collecting into individual level.
And you know what I've learned what I've learned about that?
Everything has its important.
So when I look at this room to people who have done -- or they're going to get -- or they are going to be able to get to me to remember this -- they don't expect to remember this.
They don't expect to win the first million to make the difference in the life.
If you have something to give you, I give you now.
They make food in a computer, you get a particular park.
They are metals.
We don't all have the opportunity to save the opportunity to save somebody but every day we're going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So they go into the game -- they come out the faces.
Thank you.
Big Gandhi, Mars Mars, Mars.
Mars Benethone, thank you.
And this can seem strange -- but I'm a great advertising of the control of the control.
The first conditions of conflict was made in 1988 with a very simple idea of a very simple idea that they love each other.
Very quickly -- these became the most used building in the world.
They have allowed us to build more big things that we are, as buildings or politics, a blood at the time.
And essentially these benefits have become the plants of our time.
So almost a year of years later, in experiments.
He was called the authority of authority survey.
And in a few years years, the Lama stores came to all the home.
And you have to make it more than 400 billion or 75 miles per person in the planet.
You don't have to be engineering to build beautiful points, buildings or house.
And I did it accepted.
And I was just able to put the control on the world, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagine.
As so much -- exactly that same year, in the last few years, the next revolution was about to announcement -- the new benefits of building it.
The transparency was a small piece of plastic that would take us from a world of high students to a world in a world where everything was interested in.
And as the top of the control, the transportation allows us to create very much bigger and more complex and more complex at the time.
But there is a main difference -- the transportation was just for experience.
And I probably don't know, that the benefits of our time are responding to experiences, so I decided to change it.
eight years ago, when I was in the Middle Mars, I started to explore the idea of taking the power of the engineers to the hands of the artists and designers and designers of them.
A few years ago, I started to develop Liberia.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Life are electric models every one with a specific function work.
They are prepared to be light to be light, sound and senses.
And the best thing about all of it is that you get a huge media.
So you can't be able to put it wrong.
They have a color of color colleagues.
The green is the car, the blue is the reader, the robot is the international and the color of color is the advertising.
So you just have to take a blue with one green and very quickly and very quickly you can start to make them bigger carefully.
One blue with you with a green light.
We can put a battery in the middle and so we have a record.
If we change the boat for a police molecule, which is here, and now we have an international light.
And we were able to create more impact to create more impact and we have a relative machine.
I'm going to stop this.
And so beyond the simple game game, literally are very powerful reality.
Instead of having to be able to be able to be able to connect and solve, light allows us to program by using very simple.
In order to make it more fast or more slow -- you just would give up this bank that makes the police to be faster or more food.
The idea behind Liberia is that it is a growth.
We want all of the institutions in the world that are going to be able to use stations to use.
You get them up, sounds, seasons, self-assembled, everything should be action.
We've been listening to kids to see them with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electricity of all the days that you don't learn in school.
For example, how it works one light of night, or why the door of a state goes open -- or how a piece of responsibility to the side.
We've also taken light to the design school.
So for example, the designers without experience in electricity start to play with Liberia as a material stuff.
So here you can see, with a piece of paper and family, we have a George creating.
(Audience metaphor."  It makes a few weeks ago we took Liberia to the designers of the Stanford design of Rome Island, which they don't have any energy in engineering -- just a little bit and the paper and we said, do something.
So here's an example of a project that have done a project that have done a lot of activity acceleration.
But wait here, here is my favorite project.
It is a little bit of planet that has fear of the distance.
So for these don't engineers -- Liberia became another material -- the electricity became another material thing.
And what we want this material is to the algorithm of all.
And so, Liberia has open open down.
You can look at the website.
We want to take a world of creativity, invented and computers because this world in which we live in which we live in, this international world is our international world.
And so I went up and come in.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about the international discovery today.
I work in the solar technology.
And my little company is going to be able to get into the environment in the middle of the environment.
And it was the distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Moment. They expect a moment.
You can get a little bit of careful.
We can be able to put the video to a side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
The solar technology.
Oh, I've got to take the time.
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I got a couple of years ago to take the best designers and techniques so that they take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be dead, we asked them to work in the government.
The international was called "The Arthur America and they would be like a couple of peace for technologies.
We have a few members every year and we put them to work with the media.
Instead of taking them back to the third world, we put them into the world world.
They did big approaches, they worked with the world's embryonics.
His task is to show the possibility of the current technology.
You know All of them.
This is a short of the city of Britain.
So here it comes up as if you look at a quote -- but what you really look at is that somebody else comes up when it comes through the neighborhood because you know that it's not very good -- when it's very good when it's covered by a piece of night.
How did I get to ask us to help this way so slow in this way.
Last year, we had a team of members of "The Marine Mars America.
They were there, and at that time I was in the last year.
They realized that the city was never going to get these displays.
But one of the members called Michael Mars was not something else -- that the citizens would take them out of them in front of them.
So he did like any good program, developed a application.
It's a little bit of an apply where you can take a display.
You can take it up when it works.
When you do that, you put it a name in this case I put it up.
If you don't do it, somebody can do it.
Or it has a little completely complex.
It is a modern app approach.
Maybe it's the smaller of the age of the age of the last year.
But it does something that any other technology of the global government.
And it goes up in a virtual way.
A responsibility of the city of the city of the city was realized that I could use it -- not to use it, but so that the citizens are going to be able to be a sense of the transportation.
It is very important that they work these senses of the transformation, but people would take the batteries.
And so I asked the citizens to tell them to them.
And then I decided to use it to make it to make the citizens that are going to be able to get the data death.
And China was just going to get it to get people to get it to be able to be able to deal with them when it is.
So now we know about nine cities that they plan to use it.
And this has been discovered without Africa.
If you know a little bit of global technology -- you know that this doesn't happen.
And the research of software for a couple of years.
Last year, we had a team working on a project that requires three people for two months and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could get the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that I have done for the normal citizens would have taken at least two years and controlled about two million dollars.
And that's not nothing.
Now there's a project in the power of California.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
And so an app that is program in a couple of days and it becomes a virtual way to look at it is a set of land to the institution of the government.
It goes up to the best way to work, not like in the private companies like a lot of people think that should be be.
It doesn't just like a technology, but more like the Internet.
That is, without results, in the open form of open and generalization.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this approach is that it represents the way that we have the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a ancestors but as a problem.
And that's very good because it turns out that we're very good for the collective action with digital technology.
And there is a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together to work.
And it's not only "The Arthur American but there are hundreds of people around the country that are connected with climate applications every day in their own community.
They haven't given you for the government.
They feel a great drug before that, but they don't get it up, it will be ready.
And these people know something that we have lost from view.
And it's that if we leave the feeling on the politics on the police -- the family in the doctor -- and all of those other things that put us up, the government is, in the way, in the words of Times Mars," which we do together because we just can't be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
Now, a lot of people have taken the government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing it.
The police doesn't change the government -- the government.
And because the government in the last age of us, they remember that of us, the way that you think about it, the way that you think about the way to produce the change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to be able to be able to get people to get careers.
Well, after two years I've come to the concept that the government is about all of it is about all of the strengths.
This is the central center of services and information.
It's the place that you can call them if you call the call in the U.S.
And I felt this called this called this called this.
It institutions the basis of the original knowledge.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, you can open the passions of the house, put music music and see if you go on?
And they work. And so for Sun.
But that was not the end of the cars.
Basically doesn't have a center of called called.
It has a approach, website and molecule, called Congo Congo.
We don't protect that application of it.
It was the work of a very smart people from the New York University of Britain.
One day, this has really happened this period, "Leadership in my book color -- I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to come it?
The Diamand Discovery is different.
Silence was talking about person.
In California Congo everything is public -- so you can all see this.
In this case, I saw it a video.
The next thing he said, "You know, I was going to get to the place, I found the bank in the house.
Manhattan Mars."
I gave you the correct. I went home.
Good night, you get the career."
Good simple.
This is great. It's the context of digital and the physical thing.
And it's also a great example of the government of the government of the government to the distributed collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a planet.
And here I don't necessarily mean to the technology technology.
I talk about a platform for people to get people and help each other.
So a city helped another but here the government had a key role here.
I became the two people.
And I could have been connected with the environmental services of being needed but the wind is a better and more basic than the subtle services of the substantially self-assembly.
When a window helps another one, we get the community.
If we call into animals, that's a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about the government is that it's not the same thing that the political is.
A lot of people understand it, but I think one is the inside of the other.
That our understanding the government system is the video.
How many times have you come to a politics leadership to get a lot of energy to get a new political leaders and then we hope that the government is going to get our values and support our needs and then we don't see change.
That is because the government is like an amazing ocean and the police is the surface of 15 percent.
Because it's what we call surgery.
And we say that word with a lot of it.
But this is what you get to do that is that we find that that we found as something that starts in our against the other thing, that other thing, and we are still losing the power.
People believe that politics is serious.
If we want this infrastructure to have to have to have to make sure that the business is serious.
Because this is where the real work work.
We have to be able to put it with the government.
That makes the Hollywood movement.
Have you seen them.
It is a group of citizens who have written a very different information of 33 pages in response to the period of the Sea Parkinson's property -- on the process of financial resources.
That is not a political activity, it's a business activity.
And for those of us who have shown us to the government, it's time that we ask us what world we want to leave our children.
You have to look at the huge challenges that they will have to face it.
Do you really believe that we have to go where we have to go out of the institutions that can be able to act in all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all of all
We can't be able to get the government, we need it to be more effective to it.
The good news is that with technology is possible to be able to make the function of government so that I can explain to the civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act managed, just you have to add the systems of the right way.
The age of the age of our members is seven years so that I -- I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up the word and giving that almost a sense of sense.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about, they're all going to talk about.
You can explain their choices at any same time and they do it.
So when they face the problem of government -- you don't care a lot to make their voices down.
They're using the hands.
They put your hands to the work to program the way to work better to the government.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities to improve our community.
It can be limited a display, which is going to be able to make a bank of surgery that has a back in the back of the background.
Since then, we could always have put those heads and many people do it.
But these applications are as a digital remember that we are not only construction, we're not only aware of governments that we pay instantly and we get services and services.
We are more than that, we are cities.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't take the city.
So I want to ask all of the questions, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all of together, we will be a volume of voices -- or also will we be a mass of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real home.
I've spent the most part of the time in critical, private and in the correct of the death.
I've spent the most part of my life in marketing communities in projects and places where there's a lot of designer.
And I'm going to be here at TED looking and give me these stars have been a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here have impact all over the world.
So if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that doesn't have any other way.
I say this because I think the identity is really important.
So here we have been seen failures.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can have a lot of sense, but if you show you with feeling -- you can have a special mean?
A doctor can do good things to do good things -- it can make a lot more.
This is why I want to talk about the power of identity power.
I didn't really learned this in the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an American family for a magnitude -- which was my grandmother.
It was discussion, it was fun, I had to be able to power.
It was the last word in the family.
She sent many of the decisions in our home.
It was a piece of people who had been standing.
His parents were born in the shoes in Vietnam about 1983.
She was born on the 1980s, and their experience with the short is the way the world.
She was discussion, but it was also love.
When I was a little bit and I looked at me and I looked at me and give me a good army.
I was so lucky that I could be able to get up and then soldiers.
One or two hours later, I went back to it, and I went up and he said, "You know, you still feel my street?
And if I told him that no, I got it back and if I said yes, I was left in peace of it.
He had this human quality that makes you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the less of 10 percent.
So when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and their attention.
My first ones were running around all of them.
I remember when I was eight or eight years old, I went to a morning, I went back to the room and there they were running all my food.
My grandmother was at the other side of the room and look at me.
The first thought I was a play.
And so I looked at it, and she looked at it, but she was very serious of it.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she came up with the room, and he took me out of the hand, and he said, "You see, Britain. The two are going to control.
I remember this as if it was as well.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and he said, "You know, I would tell you something, but you can't tell us."
I said, "Okay, "Mars."
She said, "I don't want to do it. I said, "Okay.
And then I sat up, I looked at me and he said, "I want you to know that I have been looking at you.
And I said, "I think you're special."
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to get me three things, Brazil."
I said, "You know, Mars."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother."
Allen, she's my daughter -- and you have to be able to make the career."
As I went back to my mom -- I said, "Yes, Mars, so I do.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to do is that I want to do the right thing to do is the right thing to do is the right thing.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mars.
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to do is you never want to be a little bit of a background that I never go back."
I was seven years old, and I said, "Yes, Mars, so I do.
I grew up in the field. I have a brother a year a year and a single year a year.
When I was 14 or 15 -- one day my brother came home with a six centers, I don't know where the steps, I would put me to my brother and to me and we went to the forest of it.
And we got to make the language languages.
He took a sense of celebration, I went up to my brother -- she took me a little bit and got me to me.
I said, "No, no, no, no, you know, but I'm not going to take yourself."
My brother said, "You know, you do it. And you always do the same thing that we are.
I already took something, your brother as well.
I said, "No, I don't feel good. You can see."
And then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What happened? Take a character."
And I was able to look at it with force and said, "Oh, not to be thinking of the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said to them to all the kids that are specialists."
I was dealing with it.
I have to get something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably doesn't tell you.
I know that this is going to be able to make it up.
But I have 25 years old, and I can have ever taken that I've never taken a lot of a background.
I don't say that it's a virtual virtual -- I say it for the power that has the identity of it.
When we created the right type of identity -- we say things to the other people who really don't see it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be able to do.
I think my grandmother was actually believed that all of their kids were special to it.
My grandmother had been present for the protection.
My two died diseases of diseases with the adventure.
And these were the things that we were on the ones that we were going to do -- we had to buy them.
Now, trying to talk about our own food system.
This country is very different than what it was 40 years ago.
In 1998, there were 300 feet.
There are 21 million dollars.
In the United States we have the biggest rate of the world.
We have seven million people in traditional freedom of it.
And this massive market, in my mind, has changed our world.
In poor communities or black or black communities -- you find so much death, so much fun by these things.
One of three black holes between the 18 and the 30 years is in the center or in the traditional freedom of it.
In the urban communities of all the country, the Angeles, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, Bangladesh, from 50 to 60 percent of all of the color young people are in the center or in the traditional freedom of it.
Our system is not just available in front of the reason, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a hard system that brings you much better if you're rich and college, which if you're poor and institution.
It's not college, but it is what the results.
And it seems that we feel very slowly.
The police of fear and the force makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're described.
It seems interesting.
We are looking at our work in our work a lot of colors.
In my state in Mars, as well as in other states -- you would come out of rights for always if you have a performance control.
Now right now, the 99 percent of the black population has lost directly the right to the video.
And if we protect it at the next 10 years, the entire level of rights to be as far as it was before it was the law of the right at the time.
So we have this simplicity simplicity.
I went back to children.
Many of my colleagues are very young people.
The United States is the only country in the world where you feel about 12 years to die in prison to die.
We have in this private country for children, no chance to go out.
And now we are in a process of some of them now.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the face of death.
This issue of death is interesting.
In a sense, you have taught us to think that the final question is, the people are going to die by the common communities?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way of how we are in our identity of it.
There is another way to look at it -- it's not about saying if people are going to die to die in the early communities, but if we need to kill it.
This is interesting.
The death of death in the United States is supposed to be dependent.
And in every seven people, it has been identify one which is an amazing thing that is extraordinary and freedom of the death of the death.
One of the thing that I think, a sense of each of the 19th percent.
This is interesting.
It doesn't allow you to be able to be able to be able to put them up if in every eight that you would say, you would have been going to be started.
But in some way we get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our face.
It's not our line.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about reasons and this point of if we need to kill it.
It's interesting that in my colleagues with students with American story, I talk about the street.
I talk to you about the terrible, the time I started at the end of the religion and he used to the second World War War World World World World World War War.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black American Americans in this country, it was a little definition by the theory.
In many communities the people were afraid of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a story of being a
I would worry to you to be background.
The idea of the terrible was what their lives.
Now there are more people who are going to get me and they say to me, "You know, you know, you know, you have to talk to people who stop to say that in our story to tell you that in our story we put the first time with the terrible, after 1985.
I would ask you to say, "No, I say we grow with that?
And the age of the terrible therapy, obviously with the secret and decades of radical survival and serious survival.
In this country we have a disease why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understand the meaning of what we've been done.
All of the time we put each other.
And we are constantly created and consciousness.
It costs us work to talk about reasons -- I think it's because we're not willing to understand with a real process of truth and record.
In South Africa, people understand that you could not be able to get the basic secret without a truth with the truth and record.
In Russia, even before they had this company, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany, I was going to be able to give you a piece of death of death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers will stop after my pressure and said, "You know it's good to hear what you say, you know?
And I said, "We don't have a death of death in London.
We can never have to get it here?
And the room was on silence and a sea said -- there's no way that with our story, we can never get into the death of human beings.
It would be critical to us that we are interested and dead, we put us to explore people."
And I think about this.
So how do we feel in a world where a nation like Alaska, especially to people, especially if they are in your most distance?
We couldn't take it out.
It would be critical to be.
And yet, there is this design.
And I think our identity is in dangerous here.
If you actually don't worry about these things so difficult -- the positive things and the wonderful things are -- and they are going to be and incredible things.
We love the innovation.
We have a technology. We started the creativity of it.
We love the international.
But finally, those reality are getting out of the substance, the supply, the marketing material.
In my mind, it's need to get both things.
We literally talk about the need to have more hope to have more hope -- more completely company, more device with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means that that means more time thinking and talk about the poor -- the personalities, which will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our be.
It is true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen it.
This is how we are. Even though we are so racism, so complex with it.
With innovation. The development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well.
This connection of the mind with the heart is what we're going to do is not only in the brilliant and dead, but also in the dark and the difficult thing.
Valley Harvard, the big leader leadership, talking about this.
He said, "When we were in the Middle Europe, we had all kinds of things -- we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope to be waiting for the space, a volunteer to be in places and being sensitive."
Well, that organization for the husband is particularly in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED -- it has to be completely completely completely in the heart of what I think, it has to be completely completely in the heart of what I think.
There is no responsibility to the technology and the design that allows us to be really humans if we don't think of it, if we don't think about the poverty.
Now I want to tell you that these thoughts are going to make a much more difficult identity than if we put these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the big privilege -- being a very young archive, to know Rome Parks.
These women are just getting just to talk about.
And so the Sea Carolina was called me, to say, "Let's come up the Sea Park. We're going to get to get to talk to you.
Do you want to come and want to come to you?
I said, "I know "Service." I know "Hey!
So she said, "Well, and what do you do when you go to them?
I said, "You know, they want to take him out.
So I went and just heard them.
It was something very surprised, very slightly.
And at one point, I was there, and after a couple of hours, and after a couple of hours, the Parkinson's Park came to me and he said, "Oh, Britain, I know that it's that idea of the high scale.
How much you're trying to do?
And I started to give me my discovery.
I said, "Well, we're trying to get the institution.
We try to help the ones that have been considered interesting.
We try to trust the proteins and the distribution in the advanced of the performance of the perfect supply.
We tried to go out with the sense of life, without freedom control for children.
We try to do something about the death of death.
We try to reduce the population in the critical.
We try to go with the mass materials.
I gave it all my best discovery and I ended up looking at me and he said, "My mine milestone mile."
And I said, "You know, "They start a very slow story."
At that time, the State stopped in the face of the face and he said, "It's why you have to be very beautiful but very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very
I think actually the TED community has to be much more value.
We have to find the way that we are going to find those challenges -- those problems -- those problems.
Because finally the humanity depends on the compassion for the other.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been education in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that every one of us is surface to the worst thing we have started with.
I think that's true for everybody in the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a metal, it's not because it's a metal.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't get it, it's not to be a shoe.
Even if someone kill each other, it's not that it's a standard.
So I think there is a basic diversity in the people who should be responsible by the law of the language.
I also think that in many parts of this country and yet, in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth of it.
So it is.
I really think that in many parts of the poverty is the position.
And finally, I think that even though it is very beautiful, very beautiful, very beautiful. It's not going to take us for our technology, for our design, not for our international ability or radio.
At the end of the end of a society, not because of the way as they treat the rich -- you can and private, but because of the way they treat the poor -- the controls, the processes.
Because it's in this context as we started to understand really deep issues about what we are.
And I'm going to feel you and I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much.
I want to come up, like all.
Sometimes those ideas are beyond my reasons in a important way.
I've been coming back to these girls that have been sitting with a lot of death.
And I go to the center and I see my colleagues of 12 and 14 years old, who have been talking to them to be used as adults as well.
And I start thinking about how can you be?
How can you be able to become somebody in what isn't it?
The planet was talking about it, but I see a child.
A very long night was going to think -- by God, if you can turn you into something that you don't are, you must have magic power.
Yeah, Britain, the planet has magic power.
You should ask some of that.
And as it was very later, I couldn't think of it, but I started working in a market.
He had a hundred years old, a little bit of a little bit of a little black -- black black ...
I started working on the market, with a feeling that I said, "Mosque so that my entire black black of 18 is treated as a principle principle of 75 years old, experience of a computer."
And in the mission that there had been a little bit in the room, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a high line on how in this country there is no one, but all of a farmer factory.
On the morning next morning, I found me to think about that international math would be a dream or it really wrote the wrong?
For my hours, not only had a recording, but I had sent it to the correct.
They spent about two months ago, I had already got it.
And I finally decided -- I have to go to the course for this kind of star.
I went up to the car and I felt really wrong.
I went in the car to the car.
I thought this would be very difficult and performance.
I finally came out of the car. I was working on the car.
I was looking at the streets when I found with a black man -- it was the control of the summer.
When I looked at me, I came up and said, "What is you?
I said, "I'm a bank -- he said, "It's you all as well? I said it is.
And so I was approached to me and showed me.
And I went up in the day.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you that that was surrounded.
That was really connected with my intelligence with my identity with the ability that we all have to connect to the community with a view of hope.
Well, I went back to the room.
At the end of the page, I saw me.
And he said, Mr. Seriously, you wrote this sign massive?
I said, "I know.
People started coming up. They were all investigating.
I was the ones that I had written those languages.
They came up the police photos that are supporting the streets.
As soon as you know how the room was full of people -- all of us who were talking about people, because we talked about poverty, because we talk about poverty because we talked about democracy.
With the ball of the eye of the eye to see the thought that I was and came in.
And I looked at the window and I was going to hear all of that factory.
He kept walking out of it and for there.
Finally, this old black -- in the face of worry about the room and he felt behind me, almost in the table of the adventures.
And about 10 minutes later, the plant decided a process.
So during the device a state of the star is going to show you because the content had come into the room.
This is the size of the old black black on the old black one.
And he said, "You know, what do you do in the room of the challenge?
And the old black went out of it, I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "You know, I looked at this room to tell this young people who keep his view in the goal with the marketing."
I have come to TED because I think a lot of you understand that the moral impact of the universe is very big, but it goes up to the control.
We can't be really human humans if we don't worry about human rights and the disease.
That our surface is listening to the other.
And that our technologies of technology -- design and creative and creativity they have to deal with the ones of the criminal, companies and constant.
And by the end of all, those of the people who share this, just I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with the market.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just hear and see a sense of the audience of the audience -- this community to help in your parents, to do something.
One thing that is not a chair. What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunity.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a meeting this first one in which you will make a force to get the families that are spending today in political politics today.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars in the death of death -- in the next five years.
And even though about this, 18 percent of the hospitals are not going to get them in anti-scale.
The five percent of violence don't come to nothing.
Here's an opportunity of change.
And this responsibility is going to be able to make these families to make the law to make the law to the security of the security to the security of it.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There has been a huge design in the United States, in the last three decades.
And part of the explanation -- you say it has to do with the biggest challenge of constantly.
What would you say to those who think that is that?
BG: In fact, the rate rate of violence has been relatively strange.
The great growth in this country is not in this country is not for vision.
It's by the wrong war against the devices.
This is why it comes up with this particular population in the particular population.
And we let us become the research of the car.
We have three legal causes to take people to a period of performance, to take a biology, for small creatures against production, instead of making those resources to their resources.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the critics and not less
It seems to me that our current family on the car doesn't do anything for nobody for us.
I think that's the organization that has to change.
CA: Britain, you've been excited to us today.
You're very international.
Thank you very much.
Red Carolina, they grow them through the death of Bill London.
And I recorded in South State, Harvard three three percent of them -- the police range passion.
Late four countries, Carsons.
Let's take it so so solar -- social solution, 75 deaths.
And I reach the source, Alexander of the transportation.
A lot of colors, war to the nation.
Remember.
Friends. Death.
Oh, God.
Perfect Discoveries, these are just some of the cells that I got in the last six months.
The idea is that the media is that the media of people are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make sure that our mind.
And that's a very good right.
In every second of every day of every day we get a lot more data than the brain can probably be produced.
And as nothing really matters more than survive -- the first part of all of those data is an ancient anti-market analysis called the advanced car.
The architecture is our department development, the death development.
And I used to give up all the information by looking at something in the environment that I could make it day.
So in a tens of stories we will be able to look at the business.
That old version of the press, "If there are shapes, "I mean, it's very true.
And because all of the digital devices are going to make us the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's not to explain that we are perfectly.
It doesn't feel that people think that the world is going to be bad in worse in oil.
But maybe it's not like that.
Maybe in change -- what really happens is that we were going to be described.
Maybe the huge process of the last century in the last century for a series of forces is coming out of such a way that we have the potential to create a world in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- the climate change of species -- the space of water and energy and energy and energy, we have them.
As human beings are very good for the problems and the long, we went with them.
So let's take it back in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has more than depressed, which is the average average person performing for information has become all over the world.
And the child death has done 10 times.
And also, the cost of the food of the food -- the electricity and the communities and the community, has been about 10 to 1,000 times.
It was Steve Pink to show us that we are living the little bit of the history of human history.
And Charles Kenya that the world world is about 25 to 80 percent over the last hundred years.
We are really living a little bit of an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we are going to be able to put them out more and more expensive.
In fact, we would take the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States of the people who live under the power of poverty have electricity -- water, background, teachers, television, molecules, molecules and cars.
The basis of the last century of the last century, the planets of the planet -- you would never have been used with lighting wars.
It's going to support a lot of this is the technology and finally, their experience growth growth.
And my good friend Facebook Mars showed that any tool that comes into the technology of the information of the information in this room, the law of moral -- and put the responsibility of the price in a few to 24 months.
So the model that they have in the ball is a million times more quickly and a thousand times faster than a surgeon of the 1980s.
Now look at this computer.
It's the law of moving for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this room.
First of all, I know that it is, in good time, in the war and in the peace and in the peace and in the peace and in the page.
It's the result of complex computers to build more quick computer.
It doesn't get any of the big challenges in it.
And even though it goes into a law to the left, it goes up to the left of the left, it goes up.
The growth rate of technology is in every single time.
And in this room, at the end of the Mounter of Moro, there's a series of extremely powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer, that my friends, that my friends of Americans call infectious company, senses and your ability to demonstrate the sense, and their ability to democracy and to build a personal production in all the planet -- biological biology self-section, the computers and the food, the distributions and the food, the distributions and the India.
I mean, how many of you saw the violence in Japan of Wallandon, Design Department?
It was great.
I put it in the oil the best place that he would be.
And I love this one, "The Sandier comes to human controls.
Jerrie is not a easy game.
And it goes with the markets of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the neighborhood, available for everyone in the computer.
About four years ago, here at TED Bangladesh, and I took a new universe called Steven University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how you can use to solve the big challenge of humanity humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company -- or a product or a service or a service or a service or a service -- that I can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade world.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can imagine the life of a billion people.
30 years ago that would have been supposed to be a subject.
So today we can get a decision of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating all the way -- it doesn't mean to create life for each of the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's trying to take that that is a scale and turn it out.
You see, the scale is context and technology is a force that goes resources up.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National Indian measure of 1995.
He is the guy of the left.
And I started to look at the sun of Seattle.
They were able to start with climate colors, and the same National, and the same.
But the correct of Sandie, I started with college colleagues.
You see, the architecture was the most valuable goal of the planet.
And so this is why I was the point of the world to Washington is a stranger.
You see, even though the alive is seven percent of the Earth of the Earth, it doesn't come as a police metal.
It's designed by the oxygen and the silence.
But then it came up and made the electric and made it out of the architecture that we use it as if we use it as if we use it as if it was dead.
We produce this approach to the future.
Let's think of the energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're in a planet.
They come to the Earth 16 miles of energy every square 18 minutes.
It is not about scared, but it's active.
And there are good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of the solar energy in India is 50 less than 50 percent of the genetic for the day, 182 relates a 18-year-old virus.
The cost of solar energy 50 percent last year.
And the last month was a study that shows that at the end of the decade in the United States in the United States in the United States of the United States, the solar used to take six cents a time to share with the 15 cents of national medicine.
And if we have a lot of energy we also have water of water.
Let's talk about the war for the water.
Do you remember when Chris Park took the space space to the Earth, in Kenya, after I spent Santa Santa that happened Santa Santa.
And I got a famous picture -- how is it called a famous picture.
"The planet point play.
Because we live in a water.
We live in a planet.
Yes, seven percent is water, two percent of it is ice -- two percent of the planet of the planet, but it also has a hope.
It's a available technology not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
It comes up the nation, the nations.
In a conversation.
It is able to generate a thousand feet of water in the day of any source submersible -- water water, a letter, for less than two cents the field.
The president of College was just going to be able to make an important test of hundreds of these evidence in the developing world.
So if that comes out well, and I have trust trust in which it will be, College is going to make it a world in 2,000 countries in the planet.
This is a positive innovation for this technology that today.
And we've seen it in the mobile people.
God God, we're going to get to 70 percent sense of the molecules in the developing world.
Think about it, that kind of map has better companies in the middle of Kenya, which the president is 25 years ago.
And to tell you with an intelligent cell with Google -- it has access to more knowledge.
It lives in a world of information of information and communities that no one could have been able to have ever been able to ever have ever been able to have before.
better than that is, the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- Victorian distributions, images of books and music.
Maybe the best thing comes up when they go out in health.
And the last month I had the planet of answering with the Ford State State something called the 1999 Millennis Mars, 10 million dollars.
We're designing the team of the world to make these technologies in a mobile device that you talk about, and because it has India, you can stand up, they can be able to get out of the death.
To win it has to make better discoveries than a medical team of career.
Imagine this device in the middle of the world in the developing world that there are no doctors -- where the amount of death is 25 percent, and there are percent.
When this device has a vertical virus of DNA or DNA that doesn't recognize -- call the health of health and in first place, to get to get the passion.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of advertising.
I call it the half a billion of them.
The white lines here are the population.
We just just spend the six billion billion billion dollars.
And by the way, the best project against the democratic experience is to take the world of education and health.
In 2007, we had less than two billion people in line -- connected in line.
For two billion to five billion dollars in the Internet.
Three billion minutes never before you get the global conversation.
What do you want these people.
What would you consider? What do you want to do it?
And instead of a economic colleagues we will have the most economic understanding of history.
These people represent tens of millions of dollars in the global economy.
And they're going to get out of more health in the Transition, from a better education with the Sandier Koran and because of the use of the improvisations in 3D and the computer in the computer will be more produced than never before.
What can you be able to do about 300 billion more members of humanity of humans and products and products?
What about a few times never before.
So what if we give them the paradigms, where they are, a voice to be listening and can be able to act for the first time.
What are these 300 billion billion dollars.
And if they are aware that we can't press it?
And something that I learned with the 1999 percent is that you are small by a little bit of your passion with a clear goal -- you can do extraordinary things, things that before they could only do the big consequences and the government.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really inspired me.
There is a program that perhaps some of you already know.
It's called Facebook.
He went up in the University of Washington in Santa.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of anti-scale and figure out the way that you get to get the process.
And the pages will lose the structure and the function.
It's very important in the medical research.
And so far, it was a problem of supplies.
They've been playing with this conservative products, between others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people were used and they started playing it.
And it has shown that today of human patterns is better.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big regions of the planet.
We have the tools with this experience technology.
We have the passion of the back of the battery.
We have the capacity of the technology.
And we have 300 billion new minds that will be used to work in the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a little bit of an extraordinary data.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
And the whole thing of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I will give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles David, one of my hours.
He was here, as you know, in 1988.
Maybe they believe that it would be presented, but it wasn't like that.
In fact, I really remember fish.
And I described one of them as a very complex computer."
It was the memory.
It was a long way to the decade of 1850.
Now the fish is in the Richard Richard of the U.S.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special thing.
But the case is we still see the Galapagos.
We still think they are protective.
They still say they are still going on.
So what happens here?
The second story, also the other thing -- the death of the city.
Because I was there in experiments.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could get it.
I got a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not out there.
This is my first experience to the sun.
And the way I was surrounded from parallels, and, as you can see, from a few minutes.
There were about 20 cents, the slide of black black.
And the film of this film was very excited and I went through a good moment -- so it was getting more than the middle in Ghana in Ghana at all.
When I went there 24 years after the number of fish had been described to half of the fish of fish in the time.
They were going to the five cents.
They experience a genetic present.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
Or it's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was able to get in the intelligence of the press in the high school.
In the decade of 1990, well, I started in the 1990s, Europe did a lot of development projects of developing it.
The developing development is going to imagine the countries who had 100 percentage, you will make it the industrial piece.
And this bank, a lot of fat, it's called the March First.
I went out in it, and we did study studies in the south of the sea of the Mars Mars, and especially in the sea of King.
So what we're going to do was a kind of amazing thing.
We came on, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
The 90 percent of what we were able to were specifically, other animals that are in the world.
And most of the fish are a little bit of a distance on a couple of resources that are fish of correction of college.
In fact, the bottom of the sea came to the corner and then it was a crazy.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very quickly.
In one year, you make a study and then it starts the commercial piece.
And the bottom is going to be a high school shark in this case, in this case, to be a limit.
This is a death death.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
Once we make a life.
I was still not.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
And this kind of rest of rest is what you get the periods every time you go to a area where they never heard it.
But I didn't have to do it.
We brought the world, but we don't remember it.
Let's take the point on the particular point to the new level, without remember what was there.
If we generate this something like this.
And at the time, we have good things -- biology, a number of others, the speed of the country, the water of water.
And that changes with time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation will use the images to the beginning of their life as normal as the normal and experience it into it.
The difference is that they get the loss of the loss of it.
But they don't understand the loss that happened before.
You can take it out of change.
And at the end of the end.
And that, in big measure -- we want to do now.
We want to keep things that you don't are, or they're not what they are.
But you should think that this problem is that this problem is to the people when the American societies are going to know what they have done to a few generations later.
Because obviously an animal which is very aware, before it is a little bit of a surgery.
You don't lose animals.
You lose animals like this.
And even if this doesn't get a lot like a big loss of it.
With time, we focus on the big animals -- and in a sea of big fish.
They become a little bit of failure because we put them.
With time they have a few fish -- but we think that's the particular point.
And the question is, why do we do this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists -- they would think it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence is in a whole way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence of it.
For example, the answer that some of them are going to do, as you get a lot of fish in this area that you can't use or so they don't use it or so they don't use the scientific scientists -- because it's not science."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in individual societies because they don't trust in the source of the past.
From there the huge role that can be able to take a professional area and a particular area.
Because with the marketing areas -- we really go back the past.
And we remember the past that people can't trust because the particular point has come up and it's quite low down.
That's for the people who can see a professional area -- and they can benefit from the vision that I think, which allows them to bring their own point of particular point.
And what happens to the people who can't do it because they don't have access as the people from the Middle East -- for example.
I think the arts and the child may be able to get the value. The simplicity.
This is a situation of the Bangladesh Bank.
It makes a long time ago there were grandmasters in the back of Hamananese, 500 years ago.
And they will have noticed that magicians and the technologies are like "The Stanford."
And if you think about "The Stanford, if you think about why people were moving with the film -- not to talk about the story of Parkinson: why do you move with the images?
Because you have something that, in a sense, it has lost it.
And so my remember, the only one to give you, is to Carlistine, to make "The State in the water.
Thank you very much.
And I am Kenya. I am Kenya Stanford, and I look at a virus video in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we see why the videos are being done and how important it has that.
We all want to be stars -- colleagues, controlled, and when I was more young people, that seemed something very, very difficult to me.
But today the website is makes any of us, or from our access -- it works in a part of our global culture.
anybody can make a picture in the Internet.
They get more than 14 hours of video to Millennia.
And of those just a little bit of a little bit of virtual -- it gets a little bit of vision and collecting collective model.
How does that happen?
Three things, you know, communities of terms, communities and surgery factory.
Well, let's start with.
Beatheles Valley, oh, God God, God God.
God God.
Google."
Hander, sheer.
KB: The last year last year was going to put this fantastic video out of his house in the National National Park.
In 2007, it was seen 24 million times.
This graph shows the benefits in the police of the last summer of the past.
Beauty is not supposed to make a virtual video.
I just wanted to share a drawing artist.
That's what you do if it's called Medicine Monterey.
There were a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in energy.
So what happened here?
It was Japan King.
Japan Kenyan published this thing that would take the video to the police.
And the creatures of techniques like Japan Kenya are present to new things and interesting and they are going to put them into a more powerful public public
Red Bon,                   All of you want to start the end of the week --     You can see --    You can see --     You can see --    You can think that we could have this conversation without talking about
They came from Rome Bernerly is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the surgery of use.
Just like "The state of the story -- this video seemed to have come out of the nothing.
So what happened this day.
Well, it was vote, it's true.
And if you ask them for those other words, they are also seeing.
But what happened this day, this day in particular particle?
Well, I took the TED Taliban and many benefits started writing about it.
Michael Japan.
But the important thing is that one person or a group of tend to take a point of view and share it with a more effective public and they share the process.
So this community of people who share this big character -- then you start talking about that and do things.
And now there are 10 pieces of "Leadership in London.
So only in the first seven days, there was a paradigm for each of the other days.
In the middle of the 20th century of the 20th century, this community particular is our way to be part of the phenomenon -- or doing something new with that.
"The Caribost Cameron is a responsible animal with a current music.
That's what it is.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's true, you know that there's a version of three hours that have seen four million times.
So on.
And there are gases that came to others to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I discovered between the Internet community.
There were relatives.
Some of them did a version to it.
And then it was interested in.
And suddenly it took a whole community community that did this would happen to be a little bit like something that we all can form part of it.
Because today we don't just take it, we're going on.
Who could have been able to have something like this?
Who could have been able to be a dream or Rosetta Bangladesh or "The Bangladesh or "The Star Charles?
What do you have to have written that it would have written this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video for me, just the only one of the only one and evidence can be able to get the way that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy that shows up against the mountains in New York City.
Chris Steve, I moved up to not climate for the biology, but often there are obstacles that are going to be able to be able to take it out of the biology.
KB: Thank you to the solar effect and his human.
So this approach goes for all the new thing we do in creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Verse Virgin, what does this mean?
Hander.
KB: What does this mean?
And the creative communities -- the creative communities of particular, which is totally international from a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and it is the audience that I define the police.
And as I said before, one of the current conditions of the world, Japan Burk, started in Sun.
They didn't stay to explain their ideas.
Now we are all a little bit of a little bit of our culture.
These are not the careers of the old media -- they are all about the current media -- but they will define the future of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a terrible story.
It's a responsibility that is still going on.
Let me tell you about some of the feet.
Imagine the first piece of a man -- a man by the work of a whole life.
It's a police, a dance, a man whose life has been used in the unique hope.
Imagine as the communities come in Santa, and they get the fact that his life had been totally in the ground.
The words, for so long time, now it would be surprised.
It turned out in the site.
He died by the story.
He is my game.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our resources.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget their story.
My task was not going to leave that that has been in the hand, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to take it out, but we put it.
The next part of the roof is about a boat to the driver of the short death to the sea.
My mother, Martin, I was just 18 years when his father died and a constantly connected machine and two little girls and two little kids.
For her, life had gone up to a single side, the scale of his family and a new life in South America.
It was impossible for her that I couldn't do it.
And then from a four years of four years ago that describes the field, a battery gets up to the sea of a feature of black forest.
All of the adults knew the risks out.
The biggest fear was the pieces, violence and death and death.
And as most of the adults -- my mother took a factory with it.
If you were able to take it up, we first took my brother and me, and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then she and my grandmother and then and then she and my
My first resources are from that bank, the relativity of the mouse, the process is going to make it in every single single day, and the horrible and the value of value.
I don't remember the principles that saw several times, but they were starting with the speed of men in our mouth or the death of the market -- and I couldn't go up for six hours.
But I don't remember the lights of the oil planet to the cost of Mars, and at the young man that you put up and died the journey was too too for him, and the first mother I tried to do, given the men of the planet.
None of them had after the same thing.
After three months in a recording field -- we did in Mexico.
And the next piece of the roof is about four women over three generations coming into a new lives.
We set up in Franklin, a kind of kind of kind of kind of collection is a population of immediately.
In the middle of the kind of class class -- which is there in French, I had no sense of the right.
The computers who come from the rest of the world.
And the freedom of English English came into the people who had one thing in community, they were starting again.
My mother worked in grassroots, then in a piece of cars -- working six days ago working six days away.
Even so, I found time to study English and get a text in the information of information.
We were getting poor people.
All of the dollars were accepted, and I would have a strange transformation in English and mathematics -- not matter what you should be able to do, that usually it was a new thing.
Two parts of media for school, one to figure out the holes of the other.
A high school to the temperatures, because I had to run six years.
And there were hundreds and doctors on the bottle box and some graph, and some graph, "They go back home.
home, where do you what?
And something in me was excited.
I was delivered and a voice I said, "I'm going to stand you."
My mother and my brother and I went into the same way.
My mother was expensive every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movement of our grandmother in the house.
My mother supposed to be passionately, all of the bank.
And my task was going to be willing until their legs would start to be able to be able to get it out.
She opened a computer of computers -- then I studied to be a strategy and open another business.
And women came up with their stories about men who couldn't do the transform and influenced and infrastructure, and kids are transformed by two world.
They were looking at survival and patterns.
And they created focus on.
It lived in the perfect world.
In one one, it was the climate student study with what they get out of myself.
In the other hand, I was sent in the early lives in the violence of the violence -- the ability of drugs and the star.
But a lot of they had helped through the years.
And because of that work, when I study my last year of advertising, I got the young summer of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the adventure to the other, but their banks didn't fit them.
And so I was so likely to stop, it was now so Lego, and it was so solar and social activity to talk to you in places that had never heard -- and in cases whose there was never going to have gone in.
I don't know the problems.
I didn't know how to use the colors.
I didn't know how to talk to you about it.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to go back to the relationships and the context of life in a small subject -- a man and a mother and two children ended up the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling on the day of every single day, the three still in the same way.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remember that I had now the same age that she had when she had when we went up to the bank.
The nation had ever been a computer.
"He said, "Hey, he said, and you don't be what you're not.
And so I talked about high school and education.
And the more I got the more failure to speak to speak to speak to speak to it.
I met people from all of the lives of life, many of them doing what they were, living in the front of the possible.
And even though I ended up my literature, I realized that I couldn't be able to get it in a career air.
I had to have another piece of the responsibility.
And I realized that at the same time that is good to be a device, a new region in the school -- and not just that it's good, but it's something that's going to be thank you -- maybe a relationship of the bank.
Because being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to affect the pressures of your product.
And I gave the enough countries out of my body to know that, yes, that the world is dependently, but not the way we know.
You may not have been allowed to be all the time.
There was a energy there, an entire metaphor, a market market and value.
And so I kept my international.
And I took a little group of people to who the fear of people who have the leg -- it was a creative challenge to do.
For one year we didn't have a center.
At the end of every day, he made a giant grandmother that we all share it.
We worked up to the night.
Most of our ideas were lights, but a few biologists, and we open it up.
I took the decision of death to the U.S.
After a single journey.
And my Again, again.
Three months later, I had moved up, and it was considered with it.
First of all, let me tell you about me.
She grew up in a little bit where the context was the social normal and the local Mars was the person that it is.
Life had not changed by century.
His father died a little bit after she was born up.
The mother grew up it.
And at the age of 18 became a control of a Monterey who was moving it.
However, you have a sea to the market and bring it up and take the cause of it, and so much more responsible when they know.
It can't be able to make it structure.
I was in the room in the room of a hospital in Seattle when she died up to one miles -- in Mexico.
I looked through the size of the doctor and I saw the other side of the other side.
I knew that I had come to stop.
My mother called minutes later.
days later -- we went to a subject in Frank and we feel around the attack.
And we told him stories and we were sure we were still in it.
On the night one mountain came and told us that I had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked her to the mouse, "Why is your hand is carefully, and the rest of the body so far?
Because you have taken his hand from the morning, he said.
You have no series."
If there is a news in our family -- that box through women.
Since what we went and how life is -- now we can see that the men who have come to our lives would have been struggling.
The democracy would have been excited.
Now I want to have my own children, and I ask me about the bank.
Who could I stop that for it?
However, I take it to the beginning of the easy, the right.
So I can give you a piece in their lives, supporting it back in every single single single single day, the sea collection that I don't do is nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give you, and you can see it, I would do it.
So Transition British and also the mother of so much is today, in the fourth or who filled it out.
My story starts in Rosetta a few years ago.
I was in the desert. I was in the designer, under the high school of the Stanford Stanford.
We were convinced from how nothing has changed from the time of the old anti-market and "The Mars "The Mars.
In those days when the individuals we wanted to travel to a car and we went up the sky.
Now we do it with antibiotics.
And at that time when I received, the great piece of individual, I had a short, I had a car and with a flow in the ground -- I got water.
Now we do the same thing with them and machine.
The connection that we found was that the magic had come back to the music.
And that brings me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more technology.
And I was looking at this idea of losing the ability to enjoy the ability to enjoy the ability to do it didn't have the camera if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow me to allow the map, not kill it.
And I was a little bit of my grandmother -- I got it to the back of a battery planet.
And this piece of 50 years ago was to my most music.
And it became a distributed door to a whole world of images and paradigms and nations in my image.
I had the sense that molecules, the relationships of law and the cameras are going to get them out of it.
They face our innovation.
And so I took it to this technology to get it to this technology to see how to use it to be able to create magic, instead of it.
And the books from the 16 years old.
And so when I saw the team I saw a national device that was able to connect the leaders of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
And to put the text with the image with the picture, the sound and the sound.
The nature becomes more and more multiple.
But what do we do that?
I'm going to go back to the Kenya Kan, an international approach for the standard.
He says, "Per your shots on every light."
And so   I said, "This box provides -- I wrote my name up.
And so I get a piece of the book.
In several times I got a card -- the standard knows where I live thank you to the GPS -- which comes to me.
My inner child is interested with all of these possibilities.
I have talked a lot of music.
And I don't mean to magic and deaths but to that map of institution, to those ideas that we get from children.
For some reason, the leaders in a factory was always assumed to me.
So here we have to imagine the skin to put the lights.
And actually, they would take your way into the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated from a child was that the whole galaxies was in a battery.
And so here, every book and every world is transform in a forest that I would take up to this magic device within the spirit.
And this will open a map up.
In all of the way in the whole book has always been maps but have been wrong.
This is a map that grows up, and you get it through the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another thing very important thing to me is to create an individual and a single time.
This is the statements here.
We all have heard of the doctors and the nations, how many people outside India, you know their own India, the advances?
These poor parents have been involved in the cameras of India during the millions of miles in a old and a old book.
And so we are trying to go back in a whole story.
In a story that is trying to be current as the environmental crisis.
And I'm talking about the environmental crisis -- one of the last 10 years have been that kids have been understood, parallel to their Parks, they haven't come out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology we can get our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the institutions of the book is this room in which you have to go out of the experience, take the camera or the shoe, and it will recognize images of different objects.
As I had a lot of controls, they had a lot of colors, streets, streets and colors.
For some reason the kids don't do it.
So in order to remember this risk of the institution you have to go out and in a car, to take a picture to a flow and then I'll take it out.
In another chapter -- you have to take a picture of a piece of construction and then I'll take it out.
In this way it creates a digital collaboration of pictures that then you can put in the World.
A child in London, I put a picture of a board and says, "Oh, there's a correction."
A child of India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network to a digital picture of digital pictures that have been taken up.
And within the variety of connection between music, the Earth and technology there are many possible.
In the next book of the next book -- we have an interaction where you go out with the standard and the video and a real reality and a real reality of anti-sources that are going to be able to get on the planets of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of horses.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where the forces of nature are inspired with technology and the magic and technology and technology is going to get one another.
Let's take the energy of the sun.
We're taking our kids and our kids to the natural world and that magic and love and love.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of health projects are going to talk about.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to the patients.
And one of the things we did in the University Russian was to get to a distribution of listening to it.
And not in a very scientific way, she got a little piece of coffee or I asked patients and I asked patients and I asked patients. What happened?
How can we help it?
And we used to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody -- or maybe not all, but most of the health projects -- because we stop hearing it.
This is my back based. It's very simple.
It has a piece of universal and approach.
All of the morning, I used me.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put me the challenge to get up to 60 Kenned.
But it is so simple, that every time I connect me to my information to Google Hollywood.
And my medical doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what's my weight problem -- not in the same moment that you need to make a career or some of that structure, but you can see it back.
But there's another thing.
As a few of you know, I have more than four seconds in Telescope.
So every morning I told me to my blood back and before I went to my car -- people start to speak to them, Lean, I think you need to have a light audience.
That's the best thing that can happen -- because it is a sense of the things used to help the patients, because it could be used for the observation, and also so that the patients are going to stop out of it.
On the other hand, it can be able to move people out of their chair and together to develop some recent activity to have more control of their health.
So from the next week will be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be available to be
This little battery was connected to a short or another device or another device.
And people might be able to be able to take their own artificial pressure -- you will get their doctor and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients are going to get a position and being able to reduce the control and to be able to help us into their own bank, but it can also help us the health of the health that we face -- as the device of the cost of the medical attention.
It will be able to be used to use and start with this to invest patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through critical.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video video.
We all have a computer in the car.
Maybe we even have them in our cells.
We know perfectly where they are all the things in Mars.
And where all the galaxies.
And of course, we can find food food.
But where is the most expensive DNA to help this patient to help this patients.
Let's ask us but no one happened.
No one knows where to get the DNA in this moment.
What we did was to do it in the Palestinian countries.
We created a size site -- and we asked it to the public player, and we asked them to get a DNA, and when it comes to me, and when it's open up, because sometimes they go down in the home of office and other people are carefully.
And more than 10 dollars were already interested in the Parish countries.
The next step was to look at the apply for that.
And we made an approach for the standard.
We created an app for Law, and I actually find these DNA.
And every time you are in the city of Marine and somebody else -- you can use their short, and the weeks of the next few weeks to use the Michael Department to find the most expensive DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I would like to introduce this -- not just like DNA -- which is the name of the product -- but also like 24.
And we want to start a global level.
We're running all the colleagues in the world in the world, so that they help us find -- work and act as a center for the Department of DNA around the world.
Every time you are out of computers and somebody else -- it can be a patient or someone from you, you can find it.
I also want to invest companies all over the world that they could help them go back to these DNA.
You might be serious of message or people, for example, to see if the DNA is still in your place.
Please leave them in this and not just improve the health of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph here.
Or is the player play?
Because of course, they're pictures that you can't take with their camera.
And my interest for the photograph was approaching with my first digital camera to 15 years.
And I went through my passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in the planet.
And when you take a picture with a picture with a camera the process of the end up when you get the police.
For me the picture was more than to be in the right place in the right time.
I looked like any could do it.
And so I wanted to create something different -- a process that will start to make the paradox.
So pictures like this, a building in a very traditional way.
But it has a green grandmother.
And despite it, keep a level of reality.
Or pictures like these things and climates and colors at the time to keep the level of reality.
And when I say reality say store.
Because of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to have been able to have been able to have a way as a photograph.
pictures in which you will have to think about a moment to find out the transformation.
It has more than you can see an idea that with a moment.
But what is the treatment that makes them right?
Are the details or colors?
Do you get the light?
What do you create the site?
Sometimes the simulation is the perspective.
But at the end is about our way to introduce the world and how you can get in a biological surface.
It is actually not about whether it is really what we think is true.
So I think the fundamental are very simple.
I see it as a reality of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and we put them to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfect objects -- something that we can all relate to the traditional world.
But they communicate in a certain way, you can create something that still seems to be transformation.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So let's get to the brain because the brain doesn't actually have the fact that that really doesn't have sense.
And I see the same process at the end of the photograph.
It's really going to be able to make different reality.
And the things that make a picture that is a really real picture of the ones that we don't even think about that we don't even think about our everyday life.
But when you change pictures is very important to turn it, because in other way something will look bad.
And so I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will keep to get a real result to get to the real results.
As you can see, these images are not very species.
But compassionate, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the computer pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images with these resources. They were taken to the same thing and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make sure that you can do the first and the end of the different images with a perfect person.
It has to be impossible to see where the picture.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a participant and the information of the information is a matter.
But this picture is totally complicated by pictures of different places.
In the person I think it's easier to create a place that will find it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planet.
And as I thought this idea that I had a number of months to have a number of months to find it in the planet, to find the distances for the pieces of the responsibility.
For example, the fish was capture in a piece of paper.
The costs are from a different.
And the sub-subtle part was running in a piece of parallel.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island to look more surprise.
So to get a real result that makes it a real planet.
It always starts with a backyard, an idea.
Then you have to change the different pictures of it.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good work to take the pictures the result can be very beautiful.
All the tools are there and the only line is our imagination of it.
Thank you.
I'm going to start showing you a technology about technology.
Please if you can put it.
It's a discovery that I took from a me.
I don't try to show you so much to show you the details but the general species.
It is about an approach that we were doing about the population of the Red Microsoft person the potential of local areas of local area.
The interesting thing about this is that this is, as a lot of other ones that we can see, it's a kind of line in the scale scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude in the high school.
I'm going to talk to you about technology with self-assembly colors is a remarkable thing.
Here is something extraordinary here.
And that's exactly going to talk about it.
Please love the lights up.
I need more interested because I would write about paper.
Why do we make the technologies in school scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal color in which we say, these are the years, or some time of time, and this would be any half of the technology that I wanted to do, the discovery was going to see something else.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if I thank you, for example, some other technology like transportation, in a similar color would be very solar, we would look at a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a clear change.
If the technology is going to be as fast as the military of microscope, last morning, we could take a shoe and being in Taking in 30 seconds.
But it's not going to take it back to that.
There is no properties in the history of the technology of a recent growth that every few years ago that every few years old.
The question I want to pay is -- looking at these experience experiences, we see that they are not going to keep it wrong.
It's not possible to feel this change as fast as it go.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it's going to become a typical typical -- I know like this until it was completely different -- or maybe do something like this.
That's all I can happen.
I am an approach, so I think that maybe you might happen something like this.
So we're going to be in the middle of a transportation.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask you, and ask you, is, what is that new way that we get the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very trust if we're interested in it.
I remember the future of the future in the last year, and people used to talk about what was going on in the year.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the last year.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has come up, year after my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
It happens a transformation -- we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different that we are doing what we're doing today has no sense.
So I want to talk about how it could be, how it could be that transition that we experience it.
But to do that to do that to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking fun and look at the things in a long time.
The scale of time I would like to do it is the time of life in Earth.
I think this picture has sense if we look at each billion years.
So we got about 2,000 million years when the Earth was a great stars with a lot of chemicals that are going to take their around.
If you look at the way that they organized those chemicals we give us an idea of how things.
And I think there are tools to start to understand the origin with the DNA with the DNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this and is that, in that time, there were a little bit of activity with all kinds of chemical resources in their environment.
Some of those galaxies in the top they have a particular combination of chemical companies that made them make materials from the outside and so on.
And they started to fun.
In a sense, those were the most private forms of the most primary, those gas gas.
But those galaxies were not living in the current sense -- because every one of them would tell a high quality of chemical careers.
And every time they have been used by a destruction of the chemicals that they continue to.
So every group was a little bit different.
In fact, the reasons that some way they had been getting better to the time in order to make the chemical chemical chemical chemical calls, they grow more quality and they get more.
It usually lives more time, they were more resources.
It was a form of life, life life, very simple -- but things were interested when these governments learned the treatment of the advanced.
In some way that we don't understand very well of these governments learned to start information.
They learned to get information, which was the challenge of the cell in a special chemical called DNA called DNA.
In other words, they went up in this evolution without sense -- a structure system that allowed them to remember what to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
The incredible thing is that that written system seems to have been able to have been starting to be able to be able to be able to be able to be about 2,000 million years.
Our resources.
In fact, every single living will be experience with exactly the same set of legs and the same code of the same.
And one of the things I did just for -- now we can write things with this code here.
So here I have 100 miles a white planet that trying to focus on the security people in the surface.
But I said, I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA of DNA and it was about 10 to 24 times.
So if someone wants 100 million tons of my personal state -- I have a lot of for all the presentations, in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If I was a star that would have put it into a virus and it would have gone through the room.
What was the next side?
It would write DNA was an interesting country.
This made these cells were happy other billion years.
But then another big step step in which things were very interesting and it was that these cells started to interact and communicate information to make a lot of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but the bacteria can get DNA.
In that way, for example, evolution to the antibiotics.
Some bacteria found the way that I was going to find the principle and they took them to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resources to the piece because the bacteria are community.
This community gave you that they would make communities that, in a way, they were together in that, and they had a system.
At that way they would come out or they showed up together, or if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community they were getting more and they were fascinated by the evolution of it.
And the point of information was happening when these communities came so much that, in fact, and they decided to write all of the community of the community in a DNA.
The next thing is interesting for life took other billion years.
And in that room we have a multiple communities of a lot of different cells working together as a single organisms work.
In fact, we are a multi-positive community.
We have a lot of cells that are already not going to act alone.
The skin of the skin is not going to be without the heart of the heart, or the massive, or the brain, so on.
So these communities evolved and they produce more interesting levels that the cell -- something we call a organization.
The next level happened within these communities in these community.
These began to get information information.
And to build very special structures that they don't do more than making information in community.
They're the natural structure.
The neurons are the places that make the information that those cell communities built them.
In fact, they began to support within the community being the responsible structure of responsible, to understand and bring the information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those community.
And that gave them an evolutionary video.
Because at that time as an individual -- the learning was connected to the destiny of an organization -- and not at the period of an evolutionary time.
So an organization could -- for example, to learn to not eat a certain force because I knew the last time that the food.
That could happen for the life of an organization because they had built these structures of information of information that had been learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that they started to make that front of individual.
So the fact that the nervous system would build those information structures of information in the emotional process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual to an individual now.
It could happen in the time needs to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the treatment of the community.
So for example, the most recent version we know is the human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing innovation.
I have a very complicated idea of a blood idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting up with a couple of groups and with surprise, building a similar idea of a similar idea -- and in their heads that are going to get a certain analysis with the me.
But we take something very complicated we become a sound in sound -- and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That is now allowed us to start working as a organization.
In fact, as a human -- we've been starting to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
So now we spend for similar organisms to musical organisms -- we are going to take our methods of resources and protection of information.
For example, the research of the language was a little step in that direction.
The phone information, the circuit of video -- the short, and so on.
And that tells us in something much bigger and faster and able to evolved more than we did before.
Now the evolution can happen in microbes.
And they saw the evolutionary example of East in which it has a certain evolution with the Constant program.
And now we've done the scale of time again.
The first stage of the story that I told you about a billion years every single one.
The next century, the nervous system and the brain, took a few million years.
The next one, the language -- they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electricity seems to take a few decades away.
The process is related, I guess that car is the right word to notice something that comes up their own change.
The more it makes it more quickly.
And I think this is what we look at in this explanation of the car.
We see that the process is going on.
But I get my life design and I know that the mechanisms that I get to do to design them not to be possible without the researchers that are not possible to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to not be
But now design objects that would be impossible to me that would be impossible for me to try to do that in a conventional way.
I don't know that you do each of them in that machine machine.
There are thousands of million dollars.
Instead of that, with the designers of Tanion Mars, we put a level of adult, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could not be able to be able to get a lot more and faster than never before.
In fact, sometimes we don't even understand what we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using literally -- it's the same.
We put into the machine in the machine.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolved a program from a sense of influences.
And we said, please computers -- can you take a hundred million sequence sensors to the standard?
You could the could be able to take these institutions of institutions to the lab, and take all of those programs -- and take those things that are about what we want to do?
In other words, I wish what I want.
So let's say that I want to use numbers to put a simple example.
And so we found the programs that are going to be able to build numbers of them.
Of course, it's a little likely that a little bit of institutions of institutions -- they use numbers -- so none of them do it.
But one of us -- I could use two numbers in the right thing.
And I said, "Well, you could take 10 percent of those public sequence that better did the side?
Let's get those and we get to the rest of it.
And now we go back the numbers that are going to get the numbers of the numbers.
And we're going to be able to give you a record process in the second."
We take two programs -- that you get kids -- that they have children, and that the kids are going to get the pieces of both problems.
So we got a new generation of programs of programs of programs that had a little bit more success.
And we said, please.
Camera again.
And then you get a few molecules in it.
And I tried to go back to another generation with another generation of it.
Well, every generation takes a few dollars.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or in a few minutes or in a few minutes.
At the end of the end, we ended up with programs that are going to be able to be able to make a lot of a perfect way.
In fact, they're a much more efficient program than I could have written to hand.
If I look at those programs I can't say how they work.
I've tried to tell you how to see how they work.
They are distributed programs -- strange problems.
But you get the food.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lot of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives are trying to do it.
Once I was in a 24 with Martin Michael and he took a car and he says, Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of particles that work together to offer a search search -- don't make you feel surprise?
We know that the engineers of engineering don't work very well when they were going to make it very well.
So we started to stop from the computers to make a different design of design.
And that allows us to produce a lot more complex things that produce the normal engineers of it.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there is.
In that sense, it goes out of us.
Now we use those programs to make a lot more fast and so you can explore these problems much more quickly.
Or it is, it goes back.
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so quickly.
Because all of these technologies are replaced.
We are stopped.
And we are in a moment at the time of the organizations when they became multiply.
We are the films and we can't understand what you are going on.
We're at the point of information.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very proud of our part to think that we are the end of the evolution of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of what it looks like.
But now it comes up and I believe that I was going to go out here before I was going to get in.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor -- and that's me.
And I've heard the time enough to allow me to be part of my favorite pressure in that.
Before I treat the issue of my talk, let's talk a little bit of black.
Why isn't it?
We are close to the end of the end of the World Sea.
We love the ball, right?
The ball is full of amazing statistics in it.
There are hundreds of statistics there.
It is to come out of the reasons, I talk about the statistics and use them to form a big team of black.
I'm going to focus on one of them and hope that many of you know it.
It's called bacteria.
And we talk about 300 percent of a battle that basically based on.
And that means that the basic battle electricity, three times.
That means to take the film to the game of game without being a particular thing, and that anyone who's trying to bring it to the first basis -- it doesn't get to time, and the second basis will be saved to the first time.
three of them about 10 degrees of 10 degrees of 10, three of them.
You know how they call a 300 in the Great Laborators?
Well, it really good, maybe the team of the stars of the stars.
You know how they call a battery bank of 1.2 block bank.
By the way, that's somebody that about 10 galleries, it goes down to four colors.
Let me leave you -- like the Latin Park Park, the last place of the Bill Lama of Berlin in the far further of the back in a religious term.
Now we're going to take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable -- or maybe unless I will tell you today.
They know they have adults and they are democratized to a climate that has also a 400 percent of the adventure of the statement.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now you know that they live in a high place and a being wanted to have two artists and the family of family and his family of family it to a car whose relationship is about 200 percent.
But you know what?
She is going to get this year.
And their action has been 21.
This is not work.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that it should be the average of a heart car or prison, from a disease or a distance or a research or a research or a research of a computer or a research or a research of a computer or a research of a computer or a research or a research of a computer or a research of a computer or a research of a computer
10, very well.
And the truth of the point is that no one in the middle of the medicine is known to a good climate, of a doctor or a particular or a particular one.
What we do, without the world is to send it into the world, and I was going to get you in the world of being perfect to be perfect to be perfectly.
And I never had to take a strange and worry about figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I was in the middle of medicine.
And I was a whole student students.
Once a company in the high school said that British Google was studied to a short experience.
And so I want to do.
I study in my little decision, in the responsibility of the Hollywood Hollywood of Tanzania, not far from here.
And I learned all of it.
And in my own class -- I mentioned the face and the market work of every article that comes out of the car -- the different difference and the note discovery.
And I even know the difference of the difference of how to fix the restaurant activity.
And as so much more and more knowledge.
And I was very well -- I was thank you with hospitals.
And you get out of the measure of medicine with the importance that if you measure everything -- then I would know everything -- or the most possible thing, because I was going to take it from the strengths.
And it works for a time, until I met the Democratic Season.
And I was really interested in a college hospital here, in Earth when they came to the serious service to the service of the emotions where I was work.
At the time I was going to get to the service of careful.
And when I got to go up to a car card I was going to get to that patient to this patient to you.
And it will be able to get up to the restaurant chair.
When I saw the Sea Department, I was going on.
I heard a whole sound sound.
And when the summer, I heard a sound in both words, what I was inspired by a constantly short characteristics.
In these conditions the heart of work, and instead of making the blood into the shape, the blood is going to the public, and so there are the passions, and that's why there are a lot of fun to respond.
And it wasn't hard to disappear.
I did it and I put me to work on the treatment I would give you.
And I gave him a market and medicine to take the pressure in your heart.
And I gave you, players of water, so that I could be able to take it out.
And in one hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt very well.
And there was when I started the first strength, I sent her home.
In fact, I started two more.
He sent her home without talking to the restaurant box.
I didn't get the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my box and get it with him to see it.
And if my head would have seen it, it would have been able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make a
Maybe I did it for a good right.
Maybe I didn't want to be a question that I would have to do is a question that would be a question that would take attention up.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to be able to be able to be able to get out of my patients without even control to me.
The second thing I started was a worst one.
When you send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interest that said, "God, it's not a good idea. Don't do it.
In fact, I was so interested that I asked the disease that I was asked to the death Department, "Do you think it's good if you're going to your house going to your house.
And the disease thought and then he said with nature nature, "Yes, I think I will be good."
I remember that as if it was as well.
And so it was that it was the street, and the architecture along with the paradigms took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that later, I had a bad present in the state.
But I kept with my work.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walk to the state where my car was my car to go home. At that time I did something that I don't do.
I went through the service of the way in the home.
And there one of the other number, not the one who came out of the Department Department before, but he told me three words, those three words that most of the empathy of the economic doctors do.
Other species are also as well, but there is a particular participate and is that we see the patient patients in it.
The three words are -- is it?
Do you go out of the patient that I sent your house here."
I asked the other number of natural transformation.
"Well, she was going back, with the same piece of voice.
She was good.
But I went back and the edge of death.
In a time of a time to have come back to his house, after I gave you the car and his family called the 1980s, and the family was called the electricity of the electricity with an artificial pressure of 50 feet of Heart, what it means to be a secret subject.
And I went up and he was blue here.
And the evidence of evidence was getting all their resources.
They gave him a drug to go up with the artificial pressure of artist.
And they put it up a artificial response.
I was connected and shaped to the model.
I had a sense of feelings because then they have been in high school and wait against all hope that would be recognizing.
And in the two days or three days a single day, I was not going to get it up.
He had a brain brain.
The family came up.
And in eight or eight days, they went to what was going on.
And at the next day, let me go to you to go to go. The sea sea, mother, mother and shape.
They say they never forget the name of the ones that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next few weeks, I went up with it and experiment for the first time that there is in our medical culture and I felt just -- and I felt just to just feel that blood sea because you can't talk to your colleagues with you.
You make the countries, and I never get that strength.
It is that generation that he left a start.
The wrong self-assembly that I talk about is that it makes us feel very bad for inside us.
It's the one that tells us that that we did that we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it was not for my game, he was a line.
I talked to the family and I'm sure the stuff and I'm sure that they don't get me out of it.
And I kept doing those questions.
Why didn't I ask my face? Why did I send her home.
And in my worst moment, why did you eat a strange so so far?
Why did I get medicine?
It's just a little bit that feeling that was designed.
And I started to feel better.
And in one day, I went up the sky and finally came out the sun and I was finally asked if I would feel better again.
And I made a question with you in which if I was able to get the forces to be perfect to not buy more strategies, I would be able to get those voices out.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But back to happen.
Two years later, I was helping in the effect of economic in a American hospital to the North East, and I got to a man of 25 years with a dollar in the garden.
And I was very excited and accepted.
And he went up here.
I looked at his grandmother, I was a little bit color.
He was sent and I sent it to his house.
But while he would have been given to the door of the sea self-assembled.
Two days later, when I came to do my favorite change -- my neuron asked me to talk to me with you in their office.
And I went up the three words -- is you going to get you?
I remember the patient that I saw for a dollar in the company?
So he came back and I didn't have a structure failure.
He had a moral police called technology.
You can see it in Google -- it is a information, not from the grandmother, but from the top of the surface, and that can be able to cause the color of those go.
He said, it was not fascinating.
It will be able to give you a lot of anti-scale and it will get to the few days.
And you get the same period of self-assembly and responsibility, then I went back and go back to work, until it happened over and over again.
Two times in the same piece of organizations, not a decision-making state.
And it's a big effort -- especially working in a hospital -- because it goes to 18 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a description.
One of them I thought I had a research climate.
They get a bunch of records but it turned out -- a colleague that was coming back to the patient of a sense of a sense of the right industry and called the class.
The other patient was with a long way.
And they get a little bit and I asked him to go back and I asked my colleagues to recognize.
And you get it up and in the middle of a certain sense of the right.
And both of them were experienced and they got a good thing.
But every case, I was started by me.
But I would like to tell you that I took the worst structures in the first five years, and as a lot of colleagues say, is a why.
The most significant things have been for the last five years.
sun and support and without support it.
And here is the problem -- if I can't let me leave and talk about my stress, if I can't find the value that I would tell you what it really is, how could I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't eat the same strategies?
If I go into a place like this, it would not have idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody would talk to someone talk about front of it, after failure after failure?
Of course that in a room would hear about the structures of other doctors -- but you don't listen to somebody to talk about their own structures.
And if I knew and my colleagues also -- that a transformation in my hospital put the wrong legs out of the wrong.
This is the system we have.
And the total business of the structures.
It's the system where there are two positions, the ones that are coming up and the ones that you don't do and the ones that you can do and the ones that have the ones that have the results and the ones who have the results that have structures.
And it is almost like an emotional reaction as an antibiotic reaction that starts to get to that person.
We have the idea that if we get out of medicine to the people who eat strategies, we will have a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years ago, I have been made a personal study of bad.
And what I learned is that the structures are answers.
We worked in a system where the structures happen all the days -- where one of the people in the hospital are wrong in the hospital of the hospital are wrong. In a system in a system where the international institutions are increasingly more and more, and more numbers, and they were going to deal with data and death.
In this country, they die 24 cents per single day.
The United States in the U.S.
In both cases -- it's about beautiful substances, because we're not getting the problem as we should be.
And so they're the things.
A hospital system where the knowledge is moving every two or three years old, and we don't get us.
The beginning of the dream is all involved by it.
And we can't get them out of it.
We have a cognitive sense that allow you to make a perfect story of a patient in the piece.
Now, let's take at the same patient with a dollar in the piece, it comes up with early eyes and with the approach and and suddenly my story is a record.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot -- I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars -- they don't represent their systems of the same way.
For all of this, the structures are international.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we went to all of the deep professionals to explore, well, I don't want to get anybody else.
And with it that people don't want to talk about their most grandmother cases.
And in my program, the blood arm -- it's a business to say, "This is a business saying, "This is my worst struggle." I would tell you all of the parasites up to the dream of the climate color, this is my worst stress," white blue, white, "Who are your strangers?" And I would give you the microscope to them.
And their students are going to come up, they would go down the head and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to say, "Look, they don't take the same structure."
They need a context where you can do it.
They need a chemical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The religious doctor is human -- it becomes human -- and it doesn't get out of their structures -- but it was written to learn about what happens to teach others.
They share their experiences with them.
It's support for those of you who are talking about the strengths.
And it would be the strangers of other people not with the trying to take them up, but in a way to make sure that all of them will get all of them.
And I work in a medical culture that recognize that human beings are going to get the system, and when this happens to be strange of time at the time.
My name is British Google.
I am a recording medicine.
I'm humans -- I am a human structure.
And I feel a lot of it, but I feel a lot of learn to learn something that can bring other people.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me connect with three personal words -- I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take a day.
Do you know how much we do in a world?
It makes a little bit more than 2,000 people and the average amount of electricity that says to take an average American American -- are about 70 percent of the day.
It doesn't make a lot, in a research for a week to a group of companies of company.
The researchers showed up the different things that are able to get up by these experiments.
And they found that, in average, you get 1950 work for week.
And yet, every work is even a lot of minimish.
The half of those decisions took eight minutes or less less or less.
Just 12 percent. Just 12 percent of your time.
Now think of their electricity now.
Do you know how many of you are going to go to the center of nine minutes, and how many of you on a hour?
How does the way the way do those decisions?
So today I want to talk about one of the most problems of the artist, to get to the computer of computers.
I want to talk about the problem.
As I talk about this I'm going to do a few questions and I need to know their answer.
When I do a question, as I am a child, you get the hand only if you want to take care of them.
In another way, when I ask a question -- if your answer is possible by the face of a paralyzed.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear the problem of the problem of computer?
Thank you.
It feels like the University of the University of State, I found this very, very high level of a very, very high level, at least in that time was very solution.
It's called Democratic.
It was almost like going to a distance of fun.
There was like 200 different kinds of death and violence, more than 500 different types of drugs and really a 25 percent water -- and this was when we took water of the market.
I would love to go to that one, but in one point I asked me, why don't I buy anything else.
So this is the state of the color of college.
They had more than 75 different kinds of different kinds of different types of signals that they were in a military box that they were going to come out of microscope trees who were going to come out of microscope trees.
Once I decided to look at the front and I asked him, "Do you get this structure to offer all these computers?
And he would be seen by the legs that came up with all the days that they get all the days, they usually with their camera.
We decided to make a little experiment with the methods. This is the one.
It played.
They had 21 different kinds of different.
And we have a point to stand up, right to the inside of it.
We put up there in six means, or about 24 different things, and we look at two things, first of all, what case people were willing to stop to test the metaphor?
And more people were used when there was 24 percent, that when there was only six percent.
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a metal task.
Here we find the opposite effect here.
And what they were used when there was 24, only three percent of it was going to buy to buy it.
And what they had when there were six -- we saw that 30 percent of them will eat it.
If we do the cars -- people had six times more likely to buy if they found six of them if they found six of them that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy that we didn't buy it to be a good thing to do -- and less is good to get the line -- but it turns out that the problem of the choices of choices are going to be able to get us in a good testing thing.
We decided not to say, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial saving.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with Paul Hander, and Warren King, where we look at the decisions on the state of a million Americans for a million Americans of a million Americans of this country.
And we tried to see if the number of people are going to see if the number of people are going to be able to come up with the planet -- the 2010 program programs people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a control.
We had 25 planets who were coming from two, to five different options.
We found that how much most of them was the number of factory -- there were less particular.
So if we look at the extraordinary, we see that in the planets that are going to get two percent, the particular rate of 70 or more, not as high as it is.
And in the planets that are going to offer about 60 percent, the particular rate of the particular percentage in the middle of the pattern.
It turns out that even if you want to say, when there are more choices -- when there are more choices -- in that case, there are neurons in that case, there are neurons.
So for those of you who decided to say, how much bigger was the number of choices -- more people were inspired by the access or the data of innovation.
And in the time there were more choices -- they were more willing to invest in a lot of market.
But none of these extraordinary decisions are the ones that we will have to be able to be able to get the future.
In the last decade we have seen three main black conditions to the most and more possibility of it.
The most likely is that they put the decision -- that you get it even when this is going to be in against the Internet.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in the financial and in the health.
They are more likely to listen to things less surprised, even though they get better.
The main reason is that we used to look at that variety of magnificent grandmother, shape, and we are not able to do the cars to buy it, and to get out and get out of that impressive experience.
So today I want to give you four simple techniques that we've heard from a way or another, in different research, so that they can think of their business.
The first is, Colorado.
You've heard before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People are always moving when I say, "Let's go together."
They were concerned to lose space.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decided to be able to be able to be able to say, to be an increase in the window -- there will be an increase in the virus, you will have a better experience in the choice.
And when I protect it by 24 different types of Higgs County Stanford State to 15 diamonds -- they saw a 10 percent of the very 10 percent.
When the New York Company came up with the products for galaxies that are less likely to come up, they have been able to be in seven percent.
And you know that the subjects of today, in average they are about 45 products in the beginning of it.
In a transportation of Washington, you get about 100 product.
But the world's bigger in the current world is Alaska and offered only 120 products -- a kind of saving standard at the time.
In the world of the financial holes -- I think one of the best examples that have happened about how to deal with the choices is the Palestinian Play Project, the program of Harvard.
And all of the experience of Harvard are completely inspired to a sense of life.
So who really want to do that, they are going to give them 20 families, not 300 or more.
You know that often people say, "I don't know how to cut it.
All of these are important opportunities.
The first thing I do is to ask the experiences, "Let's say the differences that there are between those options.
And if you get them you can't do it, you can't be able to do it, you can do it care.
This later, before I started this feeling -- I was talking with Galapago.
He told me that I would be willing to offer the people from this audience with all of the things in the world to the most beautiful of the world.
Here a democracy.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave you a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a star if you're ready to take the office of Galapago.
(Audience assets."
Are they not it?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew that there was a transformation.
Who is ready for that train?
I think it's actually going to hear more hands.
All right.
In fact, you had more information in the first room, which in the second one, but I can tell you that the second time was more true.
Because the images made it more reality.
So this leads me to the second technical to achieve the problem of computer computer -- which is Congo.
So for people to understand the differences between opportunities -- they have to understand the consequences of each of the options, and the conditions must feel very very, very constantly constant.
Why does people spend 15 to 30 percent more in average when I use the dreams of discovery or creativity, which when I use effect?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that it looks more real -- it can be a very positive tool for people right now.
We did a study with San Berlin and San Professor, about the New York -- that they worked in India, these people were in a meeting where they were accepted to a plant planet.
At that room, that we had exactly how it comes in, we did a little advance.
What we did was we put it to the person that would think about the positive things that happen in their lives if they were more money.
With this mission there was an increase in the early 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in save or what they wanted to put in their fingers in the stages of particles.
The third technical is Carolina.
We can make a little bit more careers than opportunities.
For example, this is a study that we did in a path of responsibility.
We saw that in the Sandierry States over the top of the northern -- the population of responsibility can tell up from 38 different types of different kinds of different types of 180 different guys to 1985.
But, you know?
Because the climate was inspired to tell me how to do it.
These are two expensive experiences.
One is called "The "The other camera and the other one.
If you think about the left of the left is South and the right of the right is Japan, you get a paralyze.
(Audience assets." Well, there's some of them.
If you think about the left of the left is Japan and the right of the right is South, you get a parallel.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The left of the left is Japan and the right of the right. But you know something.
This thing of climate is totally interest.
The cars have to get something to you, not to the decisions.
So often you see this problem with those huge standards of financial.
What are they supposed to be infections?
My fourth career, control complex company.
It turns out that we can make a lot more information than what we think about, if we just take a little bit of a little bit of it.
We need to increase the whole complexity of it.
I'm going to show you an example of what I want to say.
Let's look at a very complicated decision of a car.
So this is a lot of cars that allow us to put it out of it.
You have to take 60 decisions to make the car.
And these decisions will look at the number of choices that comes every one.
Considerably, color of the car -- I have 54 possibilities of it.
Most of us, four companies.
What I'm going to do is to see the order in which you get the decisions up.
So the half of them are going to go out of a lot of choices are going to go out of a lot of choices -- about a few colonies, four cars.
The other half of them are going to go out of a few choices -- four colors, and it comes out of 55 colors, a lot of computers.
And what am I going to look like?
So what they are so involved by you.
If you can actually act the battery for a decision in every decision -- this means that they're accepted, or see, we're losing them.
We found that the ones who are going to be a lot of choices to a little bit of a different and again, and again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go out of a few operations to many, they get out there.
The same information, the same number of choice.
And the only thing I did was to take the order in which the information.
If we start with the easy thing, you learn how to listen to it.
Even though the box of change is not going to say anything about the pressure of the international decision -- all the way to get us to be able to get to it.
We have a product that we're building that we are now building us in the process.
So to go back.
I've been talking about four techniques to measure the problem of the computer of computers, Congress, completely exciting extraordinary, control, construction, control, we can make it more careers with less companies, to put the complexity out.
All of these techniques that I've asked you to be designed to help the alternatives -- or better for you, to use them in their sizes, or for the people who are serious.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being carefully considered to the scale.
And the more you get the more completely we can be in our best choices we can be able to get the art.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Middle East community, if you had a writing machine to write it to the government.
And I had to give you a piece of example of examples with the machine.
And this is so that the government could be able to take the organization of the textbooks.
If you found a written with the right message they could be able to take the sun to the front of the idea.
In the West we don't know that somebody could do this, so it would be a lot that this would lead the freedom of experience.
We never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2010, if you buy a color color of any big factory to be a big photograph, and this page will end up having a little bit of an impact particles in every page that makes them a pattern that makes them a pattern that makes them from one and the impression.
That's going on today.
And nobody looks like a lot of this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology in against us, the cities.
And it's one of the three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what happens in the world in the line we can add the attacks on the stars of the attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the circuits of them.
Like Mr. Discovery Gates from the city of Kanzi, in U.S.
And the molecule of circuits is very easy to understand it.
These guys make money.
They use the chickens to make a lot of money, smart intelligent.
There are really a lot of different cases in line -- machines, who would make money with their attacks.
This is Virginia Stanford, from Santa, Steve.
This is Alexander Germany.
This is Santa War.
This is Britain South.
These are Mars Anderson: The Shanghai State and so on.
These guys do their lines in line but they do it by the means that are going to be able to take money from our events when we buy in the line -- or they used to get our key to get information of our shoes when we started in a computer computer.
The American service of the United States -- two months ago -- you get the question of this sea, and this thing had 18 million dollars when it was constantly.
Mr. Japan started surprised -- you get her paradigm.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be a view of a construction that of a real crisis.
And it's very obvious that this goes out of the worse in oil.
In the future, most of them will happen in line.
The second group of attention in importance that we look at today is not moving by the money.
There is another thing that moving them, they move them through the processes, they move them out of the operations, they move them out of the rooms.
groups like Angeles have developed in the last 12 months making a paper in the attacks in line.
So those are the three main antibiotics, the creatures that do it for money, the surgery that they do to protect it to protect and the last group are the United States of the government that they were going on.
And then we see cases like Democratic Department.
That is a good example of entire anti-market against their own cities.
Department is a sense of the construction of the Ross Rossians, or actually it was.
And I would tell you the last person because of a shot.
They used the security of the site and put a chicken.
The week last week I asked myself, in a meeting with religious government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to put the death out of people in the middle of the attack to David to David.
And the answer of him.
So how do people move out of a ability of this?
Discovery is a creative audience.
They come back.
So what do you get the careers?
Well, you need if you have a website with hospitals, service services like Galapago.
And I went out that they are going to get a very extraordinary amount of extraordinary authority.
And that they are going to be able to be able to be able to pick up.
And in the case of Discovery happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Park Park and those things that have happened for example, in Europe?
Well, in terms of experiments.
And these parents was this card completely slightly the "Time."
And within that ability there were a company of a company in Germany, who had sold the government of tools to introduce the great scale of the citizens of the country.
They had been sold this tool for 2,000 dollars to the electric government.
The company is right here.
Or, the Western governments are going to get tools to the total governments so that they do this to their cities.
But the Western governments are also doing this to itself.
For example, for example, just a couple of weeks ago, just a couple of weeks to find the South State, which is used by the business government to research their own cities.
So if you are available in a very good case, it's pretty obvious that his phone is interested in.
But today it goes beyond there.
You get the Internet to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Telescope State to influence our computer with a temperature to allow us to see all the communication and listen to the designers in line to get our data.
When we think about things like these the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems to be a bad thing, but I really don't mean because I'm a hole college.
Why does it worry about?
I don't have anything to come in.
And that argument has no sense.
It's in play.
The private is not described.
It's not a question of private against security against security of the security of the security against security of the security of the security against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust in our governments today in 2007, any right that we get to today is to be to be to always be to be in the time.
So let's think about any future government in a future that we could have within 50 years.
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live -- I live in Kenya, in the front part of National National Park.
These are the values of my dad in the bottom -- and behind the value, the National National Park.
The National National Institute has no close in the most part of the South -- which means that they were going to be saving like the blood micro-support chairs out of the planet.
And designers, like the legs, and this is what they do.
They kill our galaxy.
This is one of the ones that kill on the night, and so soon we get up in the morning, and we found it death to me because it was the only thing that we had to do.
My communities -- we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to show them, and that's why we value them.
And so I grew up a lot of the legs.
They move them out there that protect our community.
And so they get legs.
This is one of the six feet that kill in Ballow.
I think this is so few in the National National Park.
A child in my community in the age of six to six years -- it's responsible to the won of his father and this was the same thing I was going to happen to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
And my first idea was to use it, because I thought I thought the read gave them a legal.
But I realized that actually this doesn't be, because I even helped the read to see the story of far away.
I didn't get it up. He continued.
A second idea was to use a specific.
I was trying to get the lessons to believe that I was close to the state.
But the lessons are very smart --   they saw the first day and they saw the first day and they came out and they went back and they said, and they said, and they said, this thing is always here.  So they went up here.  So they went up and and save animals.
So one night was walking around the star with a antibiotic and that day the read didn't see them.
I found out that the leaders are afraid to the light that is moving it.
So I had an idea.
And I got a research with the ones that will be able to be able to be able to be able to try and get the lights out.
And this is a little bit of a red line.
It will go everything.
As you can see, the solar side of the shape and the bacteria is supporting the electricity to the small distance -- I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes the lights depend.
As you can see, the bloods give up outside it, because that's where the lessons come from.
And that's how you see it when you come from night.
The local lights and get to the lessons to think that I'm walking through the star, but I'm looking at my face.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never went back to the legs.
And the cases of the violence had the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
And she had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights out.
I said it is.
And you can put them back to the bottom -- these are the lights to read them.
Since then, I've been involved in seven cases in my community, and they're getting a lot.
And my idea also used now for all of us, to go to others as health, and it's also being used to be able to hold them out of the farmers.
And thank you to this research, I had the evidence to get a biological in one of the best school schools in Kenya British Stanford, and I'm very excited about.
And my new school is now helping it down to be able to go back and trust them.
I even took my friends to my community and we are able to get lights in the cases that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a child in the presentation of my father, and I used to look at them, and I used to look at it, and he told me that some day would be inside one.
And today I'm here today.
I got the opportunity to come to the first time for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be engineering and play when I grew up.
I used to take the lessons -- but now as my research is coming back to the values of my dad and the legs, we can be with the lessons without any conversation.
And so I heard -- what in my language means -- thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like it.
So you get a little bit. Richard Rossia, Yeah.
CA: You are working on other electric innovation.
What is the next in your limb?
RB: My next thing is -- I want to make a close climate. CA: A close climate?
RB: I know that they had been invented the electric careers, but I want to do the me.
CA: So you try it once again, right? I have tried it before, but I have tried it before I got a street.  CA: At the point of the soul. Richard Ross, you're a big thing.
We're going to find in every step that you are, friend me.
Thank you very much. RM: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up with a song called no call nature.
And I felt very proud of me.
In school, we went all the time by studying the story of Kenya State, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except that South America of the South -- Japan is the energy.
Even though I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I was going to spend all my life in North North -- until it all changed it.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public experiments.
But I thought my life in North North was normal as well.
My family was not poor and I had never been happened.
But one day, in 1998, my mom brought home a letter of my sister of my brother box.
And I said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop in this world, because we haven't food in the two weeks last week.
We are getting together in the past, and our bodies are so difficult, that we're prepared to deal.
I was very advanced.
It was the first time I heard that people were happening in my country.
At the time of time, when I walked up front of the structure, I saw something terrible that I can't go out of my medicine.
One woman without life was dead in the street, and a little child in their arms looking at the face of their mother without power to do anything.
No one helped them, because they were very concerned to take them and their family.
A huge amount of the North Arthur in the middle of the North America.
At the end of the end, more than a million Americans died during the head, and just a few percent of them were being able to start painting, institutions and college control.
They were also made more and more failure of energy -- all of my around, all around the night was completely in the night at night in the side of the sea in China.
I always asked me why they had light and us.
So this is a fantastic picture of North College in the night in the night compared with the neurons in the night.
This is the risk of the Arab Arabic, which comes out of the North between North and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analyzed in certain points -- allow us to be able to be able to be sentenced.
But a lot of die.
Sometimes I look at it in the area.
I can't go back the details of how I came out of the North County, but I can only say that for the years of the half I was sent to China to live with a little bit of life.
But I just thought that I would be sitting from my family for time.
There could never have been imagine to take 18 years to come back together.
In China, it was hard to live like a young woman without my family.
I had no idea how it would be life as a research record.
But soon I learned that it's not just very difficult -- but as well, because the American references in China were constantly connected in China in China.
So I was living with a question that my identity outside that my identity was reversed, and it would be represented to a horrified device of the North College.
One day, my worst person was done -- when I went up with the Chinese police and I was interested in the public structure.
Some of me had taken me out of the normal, then they had my skills in the Chinese language and made me many questions.
And I was wrong.
I thought my heart.
If it doesn't seem natural -- it could be able to be and dead.
I thought my life was going to end up.
But I got to control my emotions and the questions.
And at the end of the interaction an office told me to other, "This was a fantastic record. She is not note."
And they let me go. It was a microbe.
Some of them in China in China look at it at the same way.
But many of you can be used by the Chinese police and declines.
These women had a lot of enough.
And even though they had a career -- they were literally limited after an international pressure presentation.
These guys didn't have so much.
Every year, they are used in China in China.
And even though I went up with a lot of other organizations have not had so much.
It is typical that the news have to take their identity and find it so hard to survive.
Even after you learn a new language and find work, all his world can be able to get in a instrument.
And that's why after 10 years of putting my identity -- I've decided to go back to the South of the South America.
And I started a new life again.
It was going to be a much greater challenge of what I hope.
And the English was very important in South State, I had to start to learn my third idea.
And also, I understood that there was a big back between North and South South.
We are all of us, but by the way, we've got to be very different because of 24 years of fun.
They even have a bunch of identity crisis.
So I'm sub-Saharan or normal?
Where am I me? Who am I me?
And suddenly there was no country that I could call it a little bit of me.
Even though I would take it to life in South South was not easy -- I did a plan -- I started to study for the experience of the universe to the universe.
Just when I started to make my new life, I got a call called a card.
And the North Africans of the North came out of the North America that I sent my family -- and as a car, my family was going to be to the force to a search authority in the air.
They had to get out of it.
And so I started to plan how to help them out.
The news have to look at a long way in the way to the film.
It's almost impossible to raise the front between North North and College of the South Anderson.
And so I went in, I took a fly to China and I love to the correct with North College.
Because my family could not talk about Chinese -- I had to take them up, in some way, for more than three miles through China and then through the South America.
And the journey in cars took a week, and almost we were looking at several times.
Once one of our cars was decided to get out of the Chinese police of the Chinese population.
I asked you to get all of them and started to ask them questions.
As my family could not understand Chinese -- I thought my family was going to be a restaurant.
When the Chinese office came up to my family and I put me out and told him that they were people who were accepted.
I looked at me, but I looked at me.
We did all the way up to the front of God.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bring up the freedom in Laborarism.
But even after I was going to spend the freedom, my family was responsible and find out the factory of the incredibly international freedom.
And after pay molecules and sounds, my family.
But at the time, my family, my family was responding and find it over the capacity of London.
This was one of the most low points in my life.
I made all of them to put my family -- and we were so close to my family -- but my family was recorded in prison to the dead of the South College.
I was and I came into the office of infrastructure and the police of police -- and the police of police, I would try to put my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more organisms or molecules.
I lost the hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man -- "What is the problem?
I was so surprised that a device will ask you to ask you.
And with my English poor and with a diagnosis, I gave you the situation -- and yet, the man was to the African box and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two normal tons and they will take them out of private.
I came through all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do you help me?
I'm not helping you, I told you.
"I'm helping the neurons to the neighborhood.
I realized that that was a similar moment in my life.
And the analysis is a new hope for me, and for the American village when we needed it.
And I'm going to show you that the bank of the developments and the support of international community are really the holes of hope that the American village needs to be really necessary.
With the time, after our long travel -- my family and I went back in South State.
But to get his freedom is just half of the battery.
Many of them are sitting out of their families and when they went to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education with education.
We can also act as a point between people within North North and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are going to get in contact with family with families still and money and money that is helping to change the North County of the North America.
I've been very surprisingly, I've got a lot of help and inspired in my life, so I want to help you give them a chance to protect with an international support of protecting.
I'm sure that you're going to see more and more American normal noises, including in the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South State.
This is Central State, you've got a lot of laboratories, food food strengths.
And so the planets of the city came up and they thought, we're going to change the name of central center to represent something else, so they changed them to the South Anderson, as if this is actually wrong in the city.
So this is the South Americans.  You tend to be landed -- food food strangers.
And as I was 2008, I live in a decision of food, I live in a decision of food, the Antarctica center of food places to get and eat in the car.
The thing is that the food places to make it more people than food in the car.
People are dying out of heart diseases in the Antarctica Center Centers.
For example, the observe rate in my vehicle is five times more than we say, "Look at House, which is like 15 miles away.
I was able to see that this happened.
And I ask me, how do you feel if they didn't have access to food food, and if every time you go out of how you can see the expensive effects that the food food system has in their research?
I look at them out of completely computers and sold as cars as cars as well.
I see a lot of dollars like Stanford.
And I think this has to go.
I think the problem is the solution.
The food is the problem and it's the solution.
And I have no longer to make me take 45 minutes of the age and it comes back to buy a market that I don't have perspectives.
And what I did, it was to put a food forest to my house.
In a piece of land we call a shoe.
It's about 45 feet -- three me.
The point is, it makes the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I come in in a galaxy, because it's my responsibility and I have to get it up."
This is how I decided to keep it.
And so my group and I, LG: George Greenland, we put us and we started to put our food back of food -- and you know, the new whole truths of it.
What we do, we are a sort of group group by all of the proteins of all the proteins, from all the city and completely visit, and everything we do is thank you.
And he was beautiful.
And then somebody came on.
And the city is in the city and they actually gave me a city saying that I had to be able to get my shoe, the city was made to be discovered.
And I said to me, let's go into right?
A computer order to put food in a piece of land that no one impossible?  So I was like, "Well, he was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I was like, "Well, I
Because this time I was not going to happen.
LG: You have the story written by Steve Line, and I talked to the color and one of the members of Google Greenland, who put a peripheral in China, with 600 fishing, we were a success.
We had the violence in our hands.
My colleagues was even called to say they were going to say that they were doing.
I mean, why does it?
LG: It's the United States of the United States.
It has 18 miles away from it.
That wrong.
That is enough enough to put 25 million planets of taken.
Why don't you look like this?
It will get a plan to give you a couple of a thousand dollars.
When a dollars of the stores will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my history, when I tell people to the people.
It will grow your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a law for College State.
I grew up there. I grew up to my kids there.
I'm going to be part of this particular reality that was magnificant for me, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I am an artist -- I am an artist of you.
The room is my grandmother, I culture my art.
And as an artificial artist -- which is the statement of the statement, I was surprised by surgery, the barriers would be survived.
I use the land, the Earth, as a piece of light, and the plants and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the trees and the
They will be surprised to see what the Earth can do if they leave it to be your head.
You just can't imagine the amazing thing that is a chair and how it takes people about.
What happened?
I am a sense of how my room became an education of education of my short.
To change the community, you have to change the computer of the land.
We are the land.
They are going to be able to see how they affect the kids.
The room is the most dangerous act that you can do, especially in a building.
They get freedoms.
I remember a shoe, who came up a mother and his daughter -- they were like the 100 of the night and they were in my room, and they were going to see that and they look very appropriate.
I mean, well, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a right.
And I felt surprise to see people who was so close to me, and this only represents the why I do this, people ask me, "I don't know that people will take your food?
And what I say, "The God no, I don't have fear that you go to reach."
So that's in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to understand it, but at the time, I want you to get your health health.
There was another thing in which I put a galaxy in the center in the center of Americans.
They were these guys who helped me get the way.
It was fantastic -- I started their stories about how this had gone up and how they used to plan with his mom and his game, and it was great to see how this changed it, so it was so only for a moment.
This is how Google Gates has been able to play maybe 20 balls.
We've had about 50 people who come up, they work and particularly, all of them in the living planet.
If the kids are able to get the children, the kids are going to eat it.
And if you grow together, you will eat takes.  But if nothing about this will tell you how the food is going to teach the mind and the body and the body, they eat what they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they are wrong. I look at color girls that are in this way designed for them, which doesn't take them to any side.
With the shoe, I see an opportunity where we can bring these kids out of their communities to have a living life.
And when we do this, who know?
Maybe the next George War Carolina.
But if we don't change the computer of the Earth, we never do it.
Now this is one of my planets -- this is something I want to do.
I want to put a whole court of streets, where people can share food in the same way.
I want to take you together and turn them into health causes in them.
They don't get me.
I'm not talking about free things, because thank you is not enough.
And what you have to do is that you have to get it.
So what I talk about is to put people to work on the streets of the street -- you know the street, the proud and the honor and the ability to grow their own food.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sex.
I want you all to become an electric researchers, substance, surgery shows.
We need to change the garden of what's a submitted.
If you're not a shoe, you're not a submitted.
What do you take is the story of responsibility?
And that is the way that it is.
Instead, if you want to get with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to feel in the streets and to have responsibilities to talk to do some minute, to talk to do some minute.
If you want to see, they come to the room with his room so that we can play something.
Audience: Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience --  (Music --   probably all of them are going to get me with me that this is a very nice car.
It's made of advanced, and the signal is a good material to control, but I don't know, especially not in days like today.
You can have a huge amount of water in the share that you can do.
And especially if you go up in their mouth and these cars -- that is not very slowly.
In addition can make a lot of it.
It is a red material and if we built careers, like in the Ross countries, very close to the cities, we wanted a similar card.
So the solution for that is to make sure that it is to make a little bit of a secret strength.
And so the basic statement, a material that we use now in most of the countries of the Ross countries, and the water can happen through it, so all the water water to the side and you will have a card why it's easy to get to you, and they won't be able to get out more.
It's also going to be able to get in these people.
Because it is very hunter, all of the noise designed, so it is a very similar card.
It also has democracy, of course, and the detail of this thing is that you can get it.
What is it? You see that in this way, you see that in the surface of the surface.
First of all, then you see more and more and more and more and more, and then I don't do that.  But you can give you their parallels, and they can not be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more day.
Sometimes you can create backs with that.
There it is.
Basically, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how the day in this material here.
It is a pressure state, as I said, so it only has a little amount of attention between the press.
Because of the international, at the age of it, at the age of the experience, this beauty, the period between the realities, and if you find it, and if you find it, you will be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get out of the adventures.
So if you go through the card, they will get the shoes, as we saw it here.
To solve this problem -- we think of a lot of authority.
If we can make this material -- then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is to use it on the airplane, from that to clean shapes, and we can cut the law of access in very small transportations, and we can measure those little transportation transportations with it.
And so we have a little bit of a little piece of activity in it.
Then you need a machine -- like what you see here, that you use to get -- a machine machine.
The industry can spend up, especially the architect, it's very good at that.
And so what you have to do is take the area, you will get the beach, the beauty is going to flow by these microbes and the paradigms will look back to the surface.
So today I use a military monkey, because I can't bring the great industry machine here at the time.
And the human horse is a similar system.
I put the shows up, which now I'm going to get to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said that we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to go out of it.
We tried a lot of shows up there, and then the government, they really saw our results and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to interact it.
So they gave us a piece of career, 400 meters of the 1980s, in which we had to make a sense of thinking to test this material here.
So that was what we did there. You see where we were doing the test in the way, and then of course, this thing will run several years without any day. That's what we know from the practice here.
We take a lot of shows of this road and we test them in the lab.
We made the stars, we put a lot of close in them, we put them up with our industrial machine and we went back and put them back to it.
We can solve this many times.
Well, to trust it, I can say that we've made a material using a material using the fields, by using the energy energy and actually increase the life of the surface of the surface, they can even take the life of the surface of the surface of the surface -- it actually will save a lot of money with very simple.
And now, of course, they have about if this also works.
We still have the show here. It's pretty quickly.
In fact, you have to figure out the first before you can show them how to act the responsibility.
But I'm going to make a question.
Let's see. Yeah, work.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember a morning with the sound in my house.
My father was listening to Dr. New York in his little group.
He had a big subject in his face that was the individual in those time, because news usually develop it.
"The barriers are going to be "put them out."
I didn't know what it meant but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"I know you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I never forget it.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the bars came from Afghanistan and they made the girls that kids were to school.
For the next five years, I looked at me like a child to write my older brother that I couldn't be used to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that the two could be able to explore.
Every day, we took a different car so that no one could go to where we were going on.
We had to build the books in the market for the market to look like we were going to look like.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us around a little room.
It was a strange in the invention -- but it was extremely comfortable in the summer of it.
We all knew that we did our lives -- the teachers and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our parents and our
In time when the school came up with a week for a week because they were supporting them.
We always asked us what they know about us.
Did you get us?
Did you know where we live in.
We were actually actively, but yet, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was approached and the kids a secret.
My grandmother was an extraordinary man for their time.
A total press of a total professor of Afghanistan in Afghanistan. I was in that his son, my mother went to school.
But my mother education became shared.
This is it.
It will be about two years ago, just to become our house in school for girls and women of our short.
And my father -- this is, it was the first of all his family in education.
There was no idea that their kids had to get education -- even their children, even though the banks, despite the risks of the risks despite them.
For him, there was a greater risk in not to explain their children.
For the years, I remember that there were moments that I was very excited about our life and was always starting and I don't see a future.
I wanted to say, but my father said, "You know, he said, "You can lose everything you have in life.
You can take your money. You can take your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be telling you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So you still don't want to continue?
I have 24 years today.
I grew up in a country that has been designed by war.
less than six percent of the women of my age have more than the bank, and if my family had not been so complicated with my education, I would be one of them.
And in change, I found me here to be able to be able to thank you in London Congo.
When I came back to Afghanistan -- my grandmother -- which was outside of his home for the speed of education to their children, it was one of the first ones in the way.
He didn't just get out of my college transformation, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman -- which I took it by the streets of Karning.
My family believe in me.
I dream in big -- but my family has even more big dreams for me.
That's why I am the global global common -- a global company to education women.
This is why I called STED, the first and maybe the only school school for girls in Afghanistan -- a country where it's still risk for kids going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see the students in my school with the strong design of adding the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, as we put them out of them, and even in front of it in front of a democratic population.
As America. It's not his real name -- and I can't show you your face -- but I can't show you the father of one of my students here.
It makes less than a month ago, he and his daughter were coming from SITV to his village -- and literally they were started to be a bank in the way, for minutes.
When you get up to his house -- they are the phone -- a voice came up with it that if I continue to send his daughter to school, they would go back to it.
"Let's go up, if you want, I said, "But not to give me the future of my old daughter for their old pieces.
What I've realized from Afghanistan -- and it's something that is very excited in the West -- is that behind most of us who we transform, there is a father who recognize the value of his daughter and you see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they are the first one of the world's world's future of their children, but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
And I went down the banks, the kids who went to school in hundreds of -- remember, it was improvement.
But today, over three million children are going to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the U.S.
I find the Americans see the framework of change.
And I know that these changes are not going to do a lot, after the restaurant of the U.S.
But when I went back to Afghanistan -- when I see students in my school and their parents who get out of them, that the animals, I see an average future and a distributed change.
For me, Afghanistan.
Like me, they used in big.
Thank you.
And I never forget the words of my grandmother that died in the experience, "Hey, I remember Galaxy.
But you never get a strange state stress.
They have almost almost two years since I put the local revolution in the leadership of massive molecules as much of the manufacturer revolution as a characteristics.
A forces with a lot of other books building in and outside of the country to call one day and send a revolution against the terrible transformation of Gandhi.
And we did it, it was a great revolution of it.
women and men young people were in the bank, except the each of the restaurant, which is being able to put them out of freedom and death and social supply.
They have shown an example of the fire of the discovery of Gandhi.
They have shown a great sense of soldiers from the West of the West -- until the subject, to the sun.
And finally, after a six months of six months of surprise and a little bit of about 50 deaths, we have to put our country and determine the side.
However, Daniel left a charge car, a computer language, collaborative and sea statements.
For four decades -- the terrible transformation of Galapage described the infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of social society.
And I aware of the democracy and the challenges -- I've been like, along a lot of other women, to reduce the local society of the little collection, and they are going to get an incredible transformation and right to democracy.
They were used to be about 200 organizations in Kenya, and immediately after the cause of Galapagos.
After a period of 36 years, I went back to Liberia and with a unique environment, I began to organize streets on the development of capacity and ability to deal with.
And with an incredible group of women in women we had the population of women -- a movement of women -- a movement of women -- a lot of women -- so that we can get out of the software of the woman of woman and for our right participate in the building of democracy.
I found with a very difficult environment in the professor of the professor, a environment that was getting more politically, which is moving out of the political population and experience.
With time, our invention was applied and extraordinary.
The women came up a 18 percent of the National World in the first five years.
However, a little bit of electricity, the energy of electricity and revolution as a all, they were described -- all of the day we found news of violence of violence of violence of violence of it.
One day we get us with the news of the production of the anti-market metabolisms and the subjects survived.
The other day I was born with the news of the state of the Americans and the attack of the correction.
Another day we get us with the news of the advanced of the statement.
And every day, every day we get us to the government of the military and their own violence of human rights of the present and their face of the language.
Our society. Our society -- it was put out more, and it has gone away from the ideas and principles of freedom and principles, distribution, which we had to the beginning.
The international, the experience and the vaccine became the ones of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to introduce you with our history of the success of the size of the size of the correction of the correction of the correction of the correction of the chair and the electricity.
I'm going to be here today to tell you that us, as a nation -- we get wrong, we take the wrong decision of it.
We didn't make it well.
Because the electricity did not brought the peace and stranger and security to Liberia.
And the list is going to see the analogy between careers and careers made peace and natural record?
No, they didn't do that.
What happened then.
Why do our society is still published and developing with political police and extraordinary polices as well as for men like women?
Maybe what it was not just the women, but the values of compassion and magnificent and incredible.
Our society needs the national device and the science of thinking about what they needed to do is that they needed the police and distribution.
Our nation needs the quality of how much we need to need to need the American responsibility and college of it.
We need to stop trying to act as a lot of information and call it a day.
We need to start to act as a lot of compassion and mission.
We have to develop a family distribution, that not only holding it -- but they also put it in practice in place in the place, the collaboration instead of the computer, the institution instead of experience.
So these are the ideas that a Liberia, described by the war -- you need to get the end of the end of the parent.
Because the peace has a architect that comes from interaction and the advanced between the fish and the markets and the musicians.
That is the real creativity.
We need to choose that in a different way before I do it in a social way.
And I came up with a version of the College Carolina, "Hey, it's the word of the God -- "The computer, "The computer."
On the time, the word "The word "The world -- that you know in all of the station transportations, it has the same reason that the word "The word "for the word "The partnership and magnificent, which was going to all the human of the men and women, that all of the transportations and all the people have been wrong.
And so, as the whole thing was completely completely coming in, which grows inside the compassion of the compassion of compassion all the exist.
This is what it says, "I mean, my mission was all the things."
This is what it says, "I think I was providing about my street."
And that all of you are going to get the thank you for the middle of it.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an amazing question, which has a very interesting response to them.
This is about the secret of the death violence and the question I'm going to figure out is that everybody else makes sure -- why does she stand?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who was paying it?
I'm not particular, no social work -- no experience at all.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell you.
I was 24 years old. I was just going to get it on the University of Harvard.
I had moved back to New York for my first work as a structure and education in the Second Second.
I had my first short, my first green stream green Arthur, and I had a very big secret here.
My secret was that a lot of times, the man -- that I created my grandmother star, I was asked to the head with a platform, card with a path bank with healthy.
The man that I loved more than no one in this world, I put a piece in my head and send it to kill more times than I can remember it.
I am here to tell you the story of the life -- a particular transformation, where you get every year -- where you get every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a sense of the self-assembly violence of the death violence.
I am last in English in the University of Harvard and I have a DNA in Marine Burk Burder.
I've spent the most part of my career working for the company of the "The 1950s, between them John January and the Kenya Bangladesh and the Palestinian Portugal.
I took almost 20 years ago with my second market and we have three children.
My dog is a black bank and controlled a military Milo Hollywood.
So my first message for you is that the digital violence can happen to anyone -- all of the reasons all right, all of the relationships and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that all of you think that the distributed violence happens to women, which is a problem.
Not exactly exactly it.
More than 65 percent of the males are men -- and the government is only going on in the last few and a half percent of a long way, and he said in a different way, in the families -- the last place where we wanted or we hope to find violence by which which is a motivate supply -- which is the death that is so depressed.
And I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that was going to get a man who would take it with a man who said, and actually I was a very typical view because of my age.
And in the United States -- and in the United States in the United States -- and in the United States -- the United States of age has three times more likely to be three times more likely to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be self-assembly -- and more than 500 women and girls of that age are every year
And I was also a typical view because I didn't know anything about the death violence or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns or their patterns
I met I met in a freedom and come up with a number of energy.
I was sitting on my side in the middle of New York and started with me.
He told me two things.
The first thing was that he was also going to read from a University of the Liberia Line and I worked in a very important bank of Washington State.
But what most of me was in that first found was that it was ready and distribution, and it seems a girl of the field.
I had a lot of big motors as markets, and a block book transportation, and it seemed so head.
One of the most intelligent things that I did is, from the beginning, it was to create the situation that I was the complete of the paradigm.
He did it on the beginning of the first putting in a period.
We started to go out and he loved all of me, that I was ready -- that I had gone to Harvard, that I was going to go to Harvard, which I put up to help kids and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my instrument, my dreams and substance.
You know, I believe in me, as a strength and as a woman, like nobody had done it.
And it was why the lab in that room school and the work in Washington State and their future future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first thing in any relationship of distributed violence is to break and do the vision.
And I didn't know that the second step is to take it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave the work of my dreams -- but I thought I had to make sure that they had to make sure that I went on, so I left my work and I met and I went together in Mars.
I didn't have any idea that I was running in a little little like, which was coming out of head in a physical transformation, financial and pretty high professional.
The next step in the pattern pattern is to introduce the violence of violence to see how it works.
And this is where they go into the school of the pathways.
In how much we moved back to New York -- you know, that site where I know that I know I had to feel so sure that you have to make three pathways.
One was in the car of the car.
The other thing under the shoes in our face and the third always in his bank.
And I decided that I needed those paradigms to the state of the transformation that I lived on a little bit.
I needed them to feel safe to feel safe for it.
But those pieces actually were a message for me, and even though I had never gotten my hand -- my life was already in perfect -- every minute of every day.
The first physical attention of Congress happened five days before our bank.
They were seven percent of the morning, and I still had to get the way.
Five days later, when the 10 feet of my room had described, I put my mother from my mother and my mother with him.
Even though I had happened -- I was sure we would live happy to look at it, because I loved it and he was also going to be a lot.
And I was very, very surprised.
It just had been very excited about the bank and the fact that they make a family family.
He had been an open activity and I never would make me.
I spent two times more in our mind.
The first time I was driving to a secret planet, and he would get me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I robot several times against the car of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, I set out of our mind in the middle of the millimeter, and I went up with the traffic and I got a Big Mars to the face.
And I met it next one or two times a week for the next two years and the next two and a half years.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women.
So actually, I had very good company.
And I go back to my question: Why did I do?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was talking about me.
By the way, I was a very strong woman -- I was a very strong man -- and it was the only person in the world that could help me get to figure out their democracy.
The other question that all the world is doing is, why don't you just do it?
Why didn't I get me? I could have gone in any time.
So for me this is the most expensive question and death that makes people -- because we know -- we know something that you usually know -- it's incredibly dangerous to go to a market.
Because the last step in the pattern pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the stars in the developing cases are going to happen after the vision has put the relationship back to the relationship after the adventure -- because then the author has no one to lose it.
And some of you can even understand the antibiotic antibiotic, even after the author has become a career, and the market of the family system of family and magnitude of the family system of family and their children, who usually are entirely entirely for the tanks to spend time with the man that I was playing to his mother who was putting his mother out.
And yet, we still ask why you just don't come from?
I was able to go to go to go to you, to a very very last piece that I saw my business.
I realized that the man who loved so much -- I would have been killed if you have been allowed to do.
So I would take the silence.
I told it all the world to the world, to my friends, to my friends and family.
We have the tend to bring them up to the visions as a stationary statements, women women, good women.
The question is, "Why do you get it?
For some people is a way to say "The corner of the country, as if we were able to be able to be able to send them into men who want to show them.
But since I was able to hear the story of men and women who also heard of stories of men and women who were also able to get an amazing lesson of what happened to them and they took their lives and happy and happy and mothers and mothers and mothers and mothers, lives completely free of violence like me.
Because it turns out that I am actually a vision and a very typical violence of vision.
I went back to a man with a huge man and we have those three children.
I have that black army, and also that microbial.
What you're not going to have to have to have even more, you know, it's a card paper to my head in hands of somebody who says I want to do it.
In this moment, just like you are thinking about, "Hey, that's fascination." or "Hey, what is the stranger -- but all of this time I actually have been talking about you.
I'm sure that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, which are being shaped or that they were from small or that they are accepted by themselves.
The magnetic could be accepted to his daughter to his sister to their best friend right now.
I was able to put me to my crazy love love the silence.
And I keep doing that.
It's my way to help other words, and it's my last oil to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The ability is just in the silence.
They have the power to end up with the distributed violence just provided light on it.
We need them all over the world.
We need every one of you to understand the side of the death violence.
They go out of the light to the light talking about it with their children, their friends and family and family.
They represent their view of the surface, as a fantastic people and finding people, who have a political future.
And you remember the next few seas of violence to try and figure out their scale and show you the visions a safe room.
We can be able to become our gentlemen, our members and our families in the safe safe and parents that should be.
Thank you.
Hiller.
To be pressure, since 10 years ago.
And I feel that in this moment there is a picture in the room because I should not have come like this.  And yet, I've been transparent to change it.
This is the first way in a TED stage, so you have a lot of enough to present it, I think.
If some of the women came up when I went up, they don't have to figure out now, but I will find it later in Telescope.
I also want to figure out that I have the privilege of able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very interested -- less than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to spend this submer for the head, because it's when you're going to go out of me, so they don't do anything while I got the head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been excited.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
It is powerful -- but it's also surprise.
I've changed completely what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a business in real life.
And I was totally excited and the photograph told me that I would affect the space and I would take the head of the girl of the kids.
Of course, I went up with the correct or an artificial battery like that I made me two days ago for work, there are very little that we can do to transform our aspects -- which even though it has a great impact in our lives.
So today, to me, it will be pretty means to be hospital.
I'm in this stage because I'm a model.
Because I am a white woman and white and white seat, that is to be a sex.
I'm going to answer the questions that people will always do, but it is a sense.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say -- I was always described, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made me model is because they put the genetic line -- and I'm the benefits of a hero, and maybe they're asking what this terrible is.
Well, in the last few century, we have not only developed the beauty like health and silence, which we're available to do, we also have been associated to a high and sub-subtle street, and a white skin.
And that's my head, I think I have been known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now shown to it -- and maybe there are some friends of the way that they say, wait there -- there are National Sandier, Japan Sandierry, Lincoln States.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models -- it's amazing.
But I really have to tell you that in 2007, a student of the University of New York told all of the University of New York and each of the models in the past, and in the 1980s, and in the 1999, is to say, less than four percent, they were not white.
The next question that people are always doing is, could it be model when it is more as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as much as
And my first answer is, I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these kids is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the next Internet of the next Internet, or a color climate and political, which would be impressive, because it would be the first one.
If you after this particular list -- they still know, no, no, no, I want to be model -- then I say, I know my face.
Because I'm not going to come from nothing -- and you could be the definition of the revolution of the American version or the next experience of HIV, or the next Second Mexico.
And to say that most of you want to be model is like saying that you want to win the line when you're going to be going on.
It's out of your control -- it's amazing -- and it's not a work that you can get out.
I'm going to show you everything that I learned in 10 years as a model as a model -- because even though it can take it right now.
I don't know what happened there.
You know, once you've got your studies -- and you have a color and you have a color and you have a color and you have a color and you have a color and you don't care about the United States of the United States -- but your culture said, model in the bottom for 10 years, people would look at it.
The next question that people are always doing is if all of the pictures are replaced.
And yes, particularly they take all the pictures -- but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that they took me to me, and also the first time I use a biology, and I didn't even have to even even even even had to even even even even had to even even even even even had to even even even even had to even even even even had to even even even even had to even even even even had to even
I know we're getting in the personal terribly, but it was a child.
So I went along with my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am in a piece of paintings a few days before the pictures for the factory Valley.
So here I am with my favorite team and in the see.
And this is me in the activity.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures of it.
They are created from a group of products, papers, parallels, markets and stations, and all of their help and people, and they got to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get things like that?
I have too much.
I grew up in Carbon, and once I went to a tent and I was trying to get money, and they gave me the thank you.
And when I was a content, I went up with my friend that was a paradox story, and of course, they went up, and of course, they would go up, and you get it up, and you get it up to be able to be able to continue to go on.
And I enjoy these principles for my species, not why I am -- and there are people who are paying a price for their husband without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and the last year, from the 1950s, and the last year that you were going to give them and record, 17 percent of them were black and language, and most of them were young men of them.
And there are only 185 young black young black and legs in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me.
So how many times I would stand them? And what do you do?
And when you research for this talk, I found out that 55 percent of the kids in the United States in the United States don't like your body, and that box was taken up to 24 percent to 18 to 18 percent.
So the last question that people do is, how is life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a little bit further and you have the most brilliant weight -- you feel very happy and structure.
And behind the cameras -- we give a answer that maybe it looks like this.
We said, it's really wonderful to travel -- and also an amazing power to work with creative people, engineering and application.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens -- because what we never say from the cameras -- what I have never said from them, it is, I am institution.
And I am because I have to worry about my husband every day.
And if you ever ask you, with a few feet and the more brilliant box, will be more happiness happiness?
They only have to get up with a group of models -- because they have the most slowly board, the most brilliant thing, and it is probably the way that we have to be the most important women of the planet.
But about all of it was hard to get a very hard situation of the risk and a game when I am one of the biggest beautiful.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable to recognize the power of the image that we have from the success and the Africa.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was the biggest enough that I was enough to take a camera -- but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures -- and I didn't have me who the steps.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to represent the pictures -- not even a computer control in it.
In fact, most of them were able to take them out of it.
My story starts when I started in the city of New York to give me a piece of New York to give me this picture to my daughter in the day of their first campaigns. That's the ship of 59 and five percent.
He gave the quality that we went back to New York right a year later, so we decided to get the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what it comes now.
When it was about the third of my son, my wife said to me, why don't you take you up to New York in a particular journey and the right?
This is when we started to ask the corrections that they were going to get the picture.
It's amazing that the rest of us to get the camera to a computer company is so universe.
No one has gone up and successfully has no one has been done with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much we would change this journey.
It became something wrong for us.
This picture is about a few weeks after 18 and I had to explain to my daughter that I had happened that day in a five years that I could understand it.
These pictures are a lot more than a little bit of a common moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop the time in a week, and we are going to be able to answer about our time and our evolution to the years, and not just the physical level, but all of the sense.
Because even though we were always looking at the same picture of our own change, and my daughter changes new humanity, and I can see life through their eyes and how it comes and interested with everything.
That time in trust that we spend together is something that we hope with the whole year.
You know, in one of the trip -- we were walking up, when it comes back -- when it comes to it -- and it was a little bit of a red transport of the mountains that I had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of anti-source vision.
And I described what I had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
And I started that I remember their heart to the force to see that place for the first time at the first time.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create are the resources.
And so I want to share the idea of particularly in the science of resources.
I don't know about you -- but you get out of these 15 pictures -- I don't get in many of the families of the family.
I'm always the one that goes up the picture.
So today I want to tell you all around the picture, and they don't want to go to someone and ask you, you get a picture?
Thank you.
I want to talk about a very special group of animals.
There are 10 species of birds in the world.
The babies are in the group of the more antibiotics.
First of all, why do they have so bad thing?
It has also been associated with Dick responsibilities as a metal characters like members, stations.
More recently, if you have been following the press background and advanced and access these are the arguments that are able to get with the Palmiwah -- but I don't get it.
I don't know. You know why.
Because the members of the planet don't keep the environment in the environment --  -- paradigms are not helping the property of disease.
And they are difficult --  --  --  --           And my favorite are better --    there are two types of bacteria in this planet.
There are the benefits of the New world who are in the United States in the United States and the cars, and the barriers of the old world, where we have 18 species -- where we have 16 species of these 18 percent of the extra and a high risk of extraordinary.
So why are it important in the first place. In first of all, they would provide visual services -- line.
They're our researchers of nature.
Let me take you up to the bones to the table.
They tend to kill all of the bacteria -- they help the environment that is not going to be for them to be used and to cause large loss and diseases in other animals.
studies have shown that in areas where there are no batteries, the cars take about three to four times more time to figure out, and this has huge rations in the spread of disease.
The bacteria also have huge important.
They have been associated to the anti-market culture.
Never was the simple of the protect and the matter and, along with the character, and I went through the corner between the Arab and the European Banglade.
And in the middle of it, Japan was the beautiful God -- and I went up their life to save the city of the decade of 10 Head Harvards.
In the early culture -- you get a very important thing to get a very important thing to open -- in places like the Tele, there is no place to understand the dead -- or model to create them, so these guys would provide a natural electricity.
What is the problem with the bad?
We have eight species in Kenya, from which six are in the outside of extraordinary.
The reason is that they are sending up, and the reason you are being understood is because there are consequences between humans and family. The political communities use this version against democracy, and as a consequence, the babies are view of this.
In South America, in countries like India, in countries like India, in countries like India, in countries like India and Parkinson, four species of bacteria are in the top of a piece of extraordinary, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, and the reason is because it has been treated with a anti-positive drug as the Department.
This drug has been used to use in India in India.
Because there is no basis, there has been a product in the number of black dogs in terms of cars, and when it has a huge bank of time for robotics. The number of risk cases has been used in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the most electric patterns in Africa, 350 sentences are going to be up from the Australia State.
I'm not against the political energy -- but we have to work with the governments because the electricity transportation are doing this to the bottles. They cut them through half of them.
They are transportation transportation.
In Western Africa, there is a remarkable company of death monkeys to go to the battery and the marketing market.
So what are you doing doing? Well, we're looking at these birds -- we are putting them out.
We're trying to detect their basic evolution and see where they go.
We can see that they travel for different countries, so I would find in a local problem is not going to go from anything.
We have to work with the governments in the religious level.
We're working with local community.
We are talking to them about being able to learn to the banks, about the need to learn these creatures and the services that provide them.
How can you help be action -- you can be able to write a letter to their government and tell them we have to focus on these very creative creatures -- and I'll give you their time to make the word to do the word to do the word the word to do the word the word to do the word the word to do it.
When you get out of this room, you will get them into the barriers, but they talk to their families -- with their children, with their kids on the barriers.
They are very exciting. Charles David said that it changed because I saw them to fly without effort, no energy of energy in the sky.
Kenya, this world will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything I do -- my life -- my life has been moving by seven years of work for me in Africa.
From 1999 to 1988. And I don't know.  I worked in Mexico,   I was working in Mars, Kenya, British and South Arts and South projects in African countries.
It worked for a terrible NASA, and every project that we set in in Africa.
And I was presented.
And I thought, at the age of 24, that we had good people and we were doing a good work in Africa.
And instead of that, everything we were able to do is we put it out.
Our first project, the one that inspired my first book, "The Mars," it was a project where we were trying to teach people from Mexico to grow food.
So we came with the subjects to the South State to this value absolutely magnificant that I describe up to the Rossian Rossia, and we teach the local cells and stars and streets and streets and streets.
Of course, people were not at all.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible to be possible that they don't grow anything -- we just said, thank God to God that we are here to save the people in Mexico of the bank."
And of course, everything in Africa was called beautiful.
So we get these magnificent magnetic magnets. In Iraq -- a takes to this size -- in Marine, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were saying to the changes, you see what easy is the artist."
When you were able to be background, and the night of the night to the morning, about 200 of us in the morning, and they got all over the river and they got everything.  And we said to the ships, and we said to the changes, the "Google money, the career."
And they said, "Yes, that's why we don't have a architecture here,  "Why didn't they tell it?
And I thought only we just have to just have been in Africa in Africa, but then I saw what the Americans did -- what they were doing -- what they were doing -- and then what they were doing, and after what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Lean.
Because as you see, at least we're going to go back to them.
You should see the designers.  You should see the destructions that we put them to the people in Africa.
I want to read a book -- I read "Fine Mexico, of Mars Mars, economic economics.
And the book was published in 2007, in 2007,
us, countries Western developments, we've come to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the day that that money has changed.
They just read his book.
It's a part of a African woman, the day we've done.
The Western is, we are experiments.
The two words come from the red reason -- which means "Doctor."
However, they mean two different things.
Particular, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children. "I want a lot.
Particular, I bring all of the one of a different culture as if they were my supporting.
So the white white in Africa are called "Or "The blood.
That book gave me a bank in the face -- "The little little beauty is beautiful, which said by all of the economic development -- if people don't want to be helped -- let me take you out.
This should be the first principles of help.
The first beginning of help is to answer it.
This morning, the person who opened this conference in the ground and said, can we be able to imagine a city that isn't beautiful?
And I decided at the age of the people, and I invented a sense of the people who were not going to get the people, and I invented a system called English nature, but it becomes a sense of the local passion of the local passion -- the speed of the local pathogens who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what does you do? It goes out.
You get to a community with an idea, and it feels with the people in the lab.
We don't work from the office.
We came up in a car. We got us in a bank.
We have information information.
And what do we do? We become friends, and let's figure out what people want to do.
The most important thing is the attention.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is going to do that?
The passion that she has for their own growth is the most important.
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important.
And then, we helped them to find the knowledge because nobody in the world can have just just a single way.
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge -- but the knowledge is dealing.
So years ago, I had this idea -- why not us, for one time instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not for one time, we would hear them -- but not in common resources.
I'm going to tell you a secret.
There is a problem with the community.
The answers never start, and they were never going to say, in a public meeting -- what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity have identify it.
So the plant has this point.
In the most intelligent people of their community, you don't even know them, because they don't get their public resources.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face -- you have to create a social infrastructure which doesn't exist.
You must create a new product.
The teacher is the family of the company -- the family of the business -- the family of the business -- the family of the business -- in your house, in the table of their wife, and that helps him find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in hope.
I was doing a doctor in the time, trying to get away from this shark that we get to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 24 projects in market, and the government came to see to say, "How can you do that?
How can I do that? And I said, "I did something very, very difficult thing.
I came out and I said.  So the government says, "You know, the government says, "Well, we've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We have helped for 40 business.
There is a new generation of antibiotics that are dying of soldiers.
Perfect Depression, one of the most amazing secret stations of history, I made the 99 years ago.
Peter Depression was professional professor before I was involved in the business -- and this is what he says Perforby Depression, "The planet is actually an amazing society with a society and an economic economy.
The plan is the beauty of the death of the business spectrum.
And so now you remember Chinese without knowing what people are most successful in China want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how these people are going to get into you.
You have to be able to give them a consciousness, private -- it has to be fantastic to help them -- and then you will go to go up, you will see it in the way.
In a 10 people, we get 200 people.
Can you imagine a community.
So what do you think about you have been able to get more of this morning?
People local planets. That's what you have.
So what I tell you is that the question is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution of the first infrastructure surgery, manufacturing -- and of a moment to other, we have systems that are not substantial.
And the whole piece of an interest is not substantial.
And the face as a way of magnificent substance is not substantial.
What we have to consider -- it's how we have, we came up, we end up we communicate seven billion people, in a substantially substantially way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invest technology for the right? The universes come up the research?
The government government."
It will be the answers and they are doing it.
There is an amazing story that is in a very strong restaurant -- many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to draw the future of New York in the 1980s.
And in the last year, he came up with this group of people -- and they were able to get up to the city of New York in 100 years old, and the connection was an energy, the city of New York doesn't exist within 100 years.
Why?
They were already looking at it --  therefore in 1988, they were described this technology that I would build the life of New York.
So what happened? In the next 40 years, in the United States in the United States -- in the United States -- the United States.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely acceptable and there were very few -- strangers, factors in places in place.
Death, Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with the antibiotics.
First of all, you have to give them a conversation.
In other way, you're not going to go back with you.
And then you have to give them an absolute and democracy service.
And I mean, you will have to tell you the truth with it to understand it.
The most small company -- the largest company company has to be able to do three things -- the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic -- you have to tell you with a fantastic community, and you have to tell up with a fundamental advertising advertising.
Do you know what?
We have known to a only human being in the world that can be able to be able to sell and look at the money.
There's no exist.
This is still no longer before.
We have research and looking at the 100 companies from the world Carolina, Santa, English, Every, all the new companies -- Google -- Google.
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common -- just one was involved by one person person.
The word "The word "I was the word "The word "So 3,000 times.
He wasn't just when he started with.
No one starts a company just a single thing.
And so we can create the community where we have the community where we have a little bit of small business -- and you can get from a little business of small business who will do for you, what someone did for this spider who was talking about this spirit, which is talking to you about this experience, someone who will ask you, what need to do with you?
What can you do that? Can you do that?
Well, you can see it? Can you look at the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that?
We open community.
Thank you.
Those of us want us to help us have a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors -- so we don't have a lot of knowledge to share the same public space.
In the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space, with simple tools like humanity, plants and short.
These projects came out of questions like, how much would you pay my neighbors for their supports?
How can we try and ask more things without called the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more resources of our building buildings and understand our partner?
How do we share more of our hope.
I live in New Yorker and I'm sent in New Yorkers.
My team always found with the giant robots that give you a fear to the grandmothers that give them and supplying and solar and control in a city.
It always gives the music.  There is a device in New Yorkers.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture of the world, but also one with most of the most profit amount of the U.S.
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more sophisticated space for the bacteria and also in something that changed my life for forever.
In 2007, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Japan, as a mother for me.
His death was religious and international and international.
I thought a lot about the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot in the death and I thought a lot about death
And this gives me a deep production by the time and life of living and life.
He gave him the significant things of my current life.
But I'm going to keep this video in my everyday life.
And it seems to be easy to let me go through the day to day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old old and new friends transform the wall of this house running up in a giant page, and I put it on it to come out of it to compare, "I want to die "I want."
And so, you can take them to take a shoe, I'll take on their lives and to share personal approaches in public space.
I didn't know what to wait out of this experiment but the next day, the wall was represented and it was going to get it out.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote in the wall.
Before I want to die I want to be a participant for the park,  "I want to die I want to sit in the line of change change.
"I want to die for millions of people."
"I want to die I want to put a tree."
"I want to die I want to live outside the car."
"I want to die I want to take it again.
"I want to die I want to go to the star of somebody else.
"I want to die I want to be completely myself.
This particular space is going together and the dreams and the dreams of people made me go back to carefully, and they gave me, and they gave me, and they gave me.
It's about knowing that one is not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and stores. It's about giving up the relationship and the control, and to remember what is most important for us to grow and change it.
This happened last year, and I started to get hundreds of members of people who wanted to make a died in their community.
And so with my colleagues of the climate center we did a block and now have been done in countries of all the world, like Karna, South Africa, South Africa and beyond there.
So let's show us the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to explain and share it.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age, in our age, it's more important than never -- to find the ways to get the perspective and remember that life is basic and definition.
The death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think about it, but I understood that we're going to ask you for the death is one of those things that become more power.
Think about the climate death our life.
Our shared spaces can get better what we care about as individuals and as a community and more media and more media to share hope and stories and stories -- the people that are not only able to help us improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
So today I have a single perspective.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brother to me.
And I had 24 years old, it's high and very grandma.
I don't talk to you, but you get it better than some of the best strengths.
I remember what the love.
And it takes it up with what happened.
It's not a short. I don't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about the religious differences and fight in this, it has never mentioned it.
When I set out of our institution, trying to make words that I didn't even have to be able to get to me, I remember a thing -- the little thing we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that it should be the death.
It has 16 years old. It is a source. It's very expensive.
You put the most impossible memory in the top more.
However, it is a sensitive market.
I don't remember if I took my background, but I remember the year that I came out every single single single single day, and that we know when I was four years old, to make my arm in my arm for the first piece of Telescope and the computer of Lake Galapago.
Don't it look like?
But most people are not.
And in fact, because their minds are not going to get into the concept of the society of society -- often they are algorithms and institutions.
But what I put to my heart, and I put my heart out that even if that was the case, even though they were not going to consider it inside the organization, that could only mean one thing that were extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary and extraordinary.
Now, for those less families with the terms of "the "terrorists," it's a brain complete computer that affect social communication and learning and sometimes to the physical skills and times.
And in every individual in a different way, there is a different way to be so different.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes -- and you get a new case of authorities, and even though it's one of the tools of the development that faster in the world, there is no cause of constantly construction.
I didn't get me from my first find with the authority, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it doesn't seem very interested in me.
And I was living in their own world, with their own rules -- and I would find in the smaller things -- and I would put the car things on the middle around the room around the room, look at the shadow and eat any thing that would have been among media before.
As I grew up, it becomes more different, and the differences were getting more evidence.
But beyond the beautiful, and the framework and the international heart and the international diversity and the international head, there was a little bit of a child and a child who looked at the world without protections, a human being had never mentioned it.
Except Europe.
I can't notice that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moment in which they would have been ready to be just like me.
But I look back back to the things that have taught me about individuals and love and love, and I realize that they are things that I don't want to change on the nation.
The normal happens for the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it is different doesn't mean that some is wrong.
It just means that there's a different vision of what it's right.
If I could make it a single thing to Red and Santa and you, it would be they don't have to be normal to you.
You can be extraordinary to be.
Because you or not, the differences we have -- the differences that we have, and each of us have one of us in their interest and simply, the search of the normal is the last amount of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of the potential of
The opportunity for the big, the progress and the change is moving in the moment where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal to me.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experience a little bit what should have been Allend in the country.
Think about me, I asked me to me, a community of communities -- which would be a kind of communication to students in engineering students of it.
And I was starting.  And I was trying to come out of these students with their big minds and their big books and their big words and their big words and their great words and their big words.
But when you develop those conversations -- I felt what Alto should have felt when you get out of the hole and saw the door of a new world.
And so I felt that when I had those conversation with the students with the students -- and I had the ideas that they had -- and I wanted other people to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great community.
We need a great community of our scientists and engineers with the end of changing the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are taking our largest challenges -- from energy in the middle of the energy, and if we don't know about this, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as no scientists as you have these institutions as well.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and gentlemen, please shot with simple.
I want to share some of you about how you can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sex and their engineering is activity.
First question to respond, and then what?
So let's tell us why science is relatively for us.
We don't just tell us that they study the corrections, but they study the corrections, which are the wrong structure of our bones because it's important to understand and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and try and bring
And when they are describe their science -- constructive with the play.
The game is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Second, you can say space and terms, but why don't I say "Stars and time" that is much more active to us.
You can do it is not the same thing to do that is not the same thing to do this.
At the time, as I said, as I said, everything is as simple as possible.
You can communicate their science without the ideas.
So something to consider is to use example, stories and antibiotics. They are ways to figure out and understand with their content with it.
And at the beginning of the work of the word, company of the basis of bad."
Have you been asked why they call the batteries?  What do you do the batteries?  What do you do the batteries -- and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only a creativity, but it makes too much in the area of our brain and accepted.
In change, this example of example of Google British is much more effective -- showing than the special structure of the colors is so strong that I really inspired the single design of the South Earth.
The treatment here is to use a simple freedom, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit of a little bit -- and as they put through our other sense, and they create a more profound sense of understanding what it was described about.
I think these are just a few key that you can help us get the door and we look at the country of the wonderful things that is science and intelligence.
And so scientists and gentlemen, when they have been used by this room, for all the media -- and thank you.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of all the New York East is "the computer of English English.
It's just because it sounds very well.
And they mean "the policy means.
And even though there was a sense of the 20th century, which was a lot of the 20th century, which was a lot of the single sense of the 20th century, he said to be a public career without matter or primary, and that when he won it up, I put it for the number use of a market survival research."
I have no idea what it means to be a challenge.
One thing to do with the words, I know.
It's very important that the words are the basis in political -- and that all the politics know that they have to try to figure out the language.
It was not hard, for example, 1988 allows the periods to look at the perfect words that they say in the camera of the pathogen.
And all of this was thank you to the speed of a guy with the name of Big College, who came to the Park.
They put it in the Torahy of London, and they had the enough enough to face them, and at the end of the end had such a popular popular in London in London.
And only a few years later, we had the first use of the front bank of the barrier "The bank -- the back like the metaphor.
Most of them think it's literature.
I don't know it. It's for a democracy of the experience of experience.
But to show you really how the words and the political politics -- I want you to go back to the United States, right after the individual.
So they had to take the question of how to call George Wall, their leader to it.
They didn't know.
How do we call the leadership of a recent country?
And this was been used in the Google for a long time.
They got all kinds of suggest that you could have been failing.
Some of you want to call them "The San War, and other George Germany Allier, and other George Galaxy and other Destants from the U.S. Waller Wall.
It's not very quickly.
Some just wanted to call it "The "The call."
They thought it was a quality process.
And I didn't even know that they were monopole, they had the idea that you could be electric by a definition play.
And I could have service it.
All of the world goes in, because this debate was made for three weeks for it.
I read it out of a poor police, and I always wrote this sign."
And what you can fall up and the until it was that the camera of represent was against the Second.
The camera of Remotest didn't want us to be able to be able to be able to be done.
They didn't want to call it Red for whether he gave him to him or their own ideas.
And so they wanted to give the most measuring, more impossible, more impressive and more clearly than they were going on.
And that temperature was "The "The "testimony" that was "particle."
Probably they did not invented the text. There is no one -- but it just meant someone who protects a response."
It was like the president of a paralyze.
And I didn't have much bigger than the term that the term or "sure."
And there were a little exceptions of little colors of small colors and graphics of government, but it was really a impressive text.
And that is why the sitting goes on.
They said, "I don't call it President."
"This guy has to be transformed and to get up with extraordinary diseases.
And who's going to take it in serious with a subject as well.
And finally, after three weeks of death, the Sea didn't get it.
We can learn three interesting things of all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite until where I've been able to figure out, the Sea has never been able to get the temperature of President.
The president Bronx has enough to keep out there, waiting for the sitting in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is terrorism,  -- you can hear 25 years more.
But the third thing that we can learn -- and this is the most important thing -- and this is what I want to leave you is, is that the United States of the United States doesn't sound in the United States today.
In all if you have more than 500 nuclear heads to development, most of the world of the world and a flow of variable videos and so on.
And the reality and the story have taken up to the big transportation.
So at the end of the end.
They got their responsibility to respond.
And also the other worry of the Sea, the signal approach of the size, well, it was a similar for then.
But you know how many of you have now now probably probably?
And all because they want to sound like the guy that has the 500 nuclear head, etc.
So at the end of the end of the sea and the camera of represents -- because no one is going to feel how they tell them that they are going to tell you now are the United States.
And I think that is the great lesson that we can learn to learn -- and what I would like to leave you.
The politics try to get and use the words to give up and control the reality -- but actually the real model of the words that you could change the reality.
Thank you very much.
I am 45 to six feet down in a picture of Ghana of Ghana in a Green mine.
The air is able to go out of heat and public and it is hard to go back.
And I feel the restaurant body in the disease, but I can't see much more.
I hear you hear that they talk about, but about all of the marketing cars and parallel particles with private tools.
Like the other people, I took a lot of light light on the head with the head with the head with this send -- and I can give you the restaurants that are coming out of that hole of that hole of a message that took hundreds of meters in the ground.
And you know, my hand and suddenly I remember a money that I met days before I lost the control and it lost the control of the metal in that line.
As I talk to you today, these men are in the deep of that hole that are going through their lives without pay or participation and often death.
I went out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are present from the strength.
In the last 24 years I was making natural culture in more than 70 countries in six countries, and in 2007, I had the great honor of being the only experience in the Park of Parkinson.
And among all the incredible people I met there I met up with a Chinese Charles The Stanford Charles, a NASA which is going to make the modern death.
We started talking about the short and really, I began to learn about the short because I knew that there was there in the world, but not to be the whole world.
When we end up talking to me very bad -- and I was able to get a lot of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know it?
And I was made by a note and weeks later, I went back to the members to know the Department of The South The South Anderson and reach my help.
So I started my journey to the modern surgery.
It has already been in many of these places.
Some of them even put them my second home.
But this time, you can look at the strength transportations.
And a collective car says that there is more than 24 million people in the world.
It is the doctor of the amount of African Africa, for all of the trying to try to transform it.
It makes 150 years ago, the cost of a station that was about three times the American room of a U.S. work.
And the equivalent of a $100 at the age of the attention of the attention.
However, you can be able to be able to be able to put them out of the generations by general devices of 1980s.
And I'm going to show you the self-assembly generation of more than 12 billion dollars a year in the world.
A lot of have been dealing with a little bit of good education and better work to find out that they are teacher to work without parents, under violence of violence and you can't take up.
So today, the station is going to be in the community, the good products have value -- but those who produce them are death.
The streaming exists in almost all the world, and yet, it's impossible around the world.
In India and North, I met the human horses.
So this strange experience and discovered it was how to go into the European English or the Internet of Day.
And I'm going to show you in a 59 degrees -- men -- men in fact, women in fact, women in fact, women in fact, and they are able to put them into a different amount of police, to 18 at the time, and they take them from the horrible antibiotics that are in hundreds of meters that are in hundreds of feet.
Despite by the hand and the star work in silence, doing this task over and again for 16 or 14 hours a day.
There were no parents to eat -- not to eat it, and the serious democracy had to be a pretty interesting thing.
And so they were the heat and the audience that my camera became too quickly to the car and he stopped working on.
Every 20 minutes I had to go back to the car to clean the team and make it work with open air to get it up and sitting there, I thought my camera got a much better treatment than these people.
And in fact, I want to figure out but the adventure I was on my side I was very quickly -- and he said, "You don't do it. I don't do it, you don't do it.
And I got very clearly to show you emotional is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't give you any digital help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not city of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already going on.
I had to trust it at Carolina and work inside the system because of their freedom and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart.
In the Higgs, I found kids are going to be used for me for millions of miles to hands that wait down.
Those big planets were more likely than the kids who were carrying and the kids are going to get them to their heads with corrections and collections and doctors and discoveries.
It's hard to pay something so aware.
How can we influence it in something so infectious, but so success?
Some of them don't even know that they are stopped -- and they work 16 hours a day without pay -- because this has been this whole life.
They don't have anything to buy it.
And when these colleagues came up their library, the cars were starting to get their house.
When you hear the word the word we think about sexual traffic and because of this global consciousness that would be difficult to me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kenya, I was working on women who had been incredibly similar silence.
And I went up for a few stations that they were going to get to this high school, and it has light light.
It wasn't exactly a battery.
It was more like a restaurant.
Really, as you know in the office -- they are local for the farmers that are foreign for the factory program.
They have small skills -- productivity, where the shoes with their kids and children -- some of them just seven years old, they are failure to go into the gentlemen, and to get them to buy more food.
And every single thing is dark and survival, identify by a number based on the wall and designed by a biology and a color.
The workers are going to make sure that they have sex self-assemble to the hands of their hands.
And in fact, I remember in the painting, I remember there will be a sense of the standard -- and at that point, you can imagine what it should be to be able to be in that information.
I only had a salary, the scales where it comes in.
There were no pollution polices.
There were no enough enough enough as to transform.
Those people don't have anything like that, and because we have a very difficult issue that is important to figure out the size, even the sexual traffic is going on around us.
There are hundreds of people who are able to be able to get in the music, in the sense of the death and the list can be able to get it.
And remember, the New York Times information that between 100 and 300 American children are sell every year as a sexual street.
It's going to be a doctor, but we don't see it.
The textures are another activity that we often go back to the hand of a short way.
And I looked at the individuals in which there were families in the beginning of the sex.
This is a family.
The black hands of black are the father of the father and the blocks of blue and readers.
And you put them together in these big bacteria and they get the fear in the light to the legs, but the test is transformation.
My interest told me their stories.
We don't have a film, they said.
We still hope -- without yet, you could go out of this house and go to another place where we really get us to get our work.
And you get more than 4,000 children in the sun, the largest architecture of the world.
When we get in, I went to a quick video.
I saw what it seemed to be a family family in a boat -- two older children -- some more young children -- it has sense right?
Yeah. They were all strangers.
The kids are sitting out of their favorite families and democracy and failure to work on the extra strangers in the lab, even though you don't know about it.
This child has eight years old.
And when our boat was able to be self-assembly, and it was a little bit of a small car out of it.
I was paid by the fear of the water.
And the results of the trees in the sun is going to be able to take them up and children and children and children, and they are accepted to the water.
And so many of you are going on.
Since I remember it has always been a way to work on the side.
By the end of your love is not going to get and just like the entire life has been treated with common, and it has been treated to the most young people under their mouse.
I met these guys at the five of the morning, when they get the last couple of morning, but they had been working from the one of the one.
And in the night night and violence.
And you know that these networks are getting more than 400 miles when they are responsible to better.
I want to introduce you to Kan.
Kenya was responded in a piece of papers.
I met it in a region where I came up with the Stanford Stanford values of the street.
Kanzing is possible.
Who will get to be thank you that someone decided to make the difference in your life?
And I built by a card in Ghana with Green South Stars -- the advanced company with their own response and open up our car and I went up with it.
And we asked us to put it for a land of land to the size.
At the end of the way, we tried to go out of the car, and he asked it to the control that would come out of it.
And then you can see this sense of looking at it and he said, "This is the way, this is the way.
And so we started to go down to it, and we just started to go through the way and after walking about a time we talked about a time we talked about the researchers -- so I put the team of pictures on my head to the middle of my head as we get in these water to the piece.
After two hours of walk, the whole way ended up on a Of course, and we had a head of holes that could be able to get in a favorite field and all of them were full of strange work.
A lot of women had children, and as they were looking at the shoes, and as they were looking at the water in the middle of metals.
The market is used in the process.
These guys are standing on a little bit in another part of Google.
When they came out of the sun were started in their own submet.
I remember that I looked at their eyes starting, transformation, because many of you had been under land for 75 hours.
The pieces have up to 90 feet and these people are able to make sure that then they will be treated to another area in which they will take the paradigm to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get the
In the first time, the site seems to be full men and visualizations -- but if we look at more of close -- and we look at each other to work on other lessons and also to children.
All of these are all visions of leaders, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely to be able to end up like this vision of the surveillances and the meeting for the market in a few years.
This is Mars. When he died his father his father he took him to work with him.
And when you die his you, Martin has been dead of the whole thing that it force is going to be in the minutes.
When I met it, I had worked in the last 14 years, and the law of the legs that you see here is a product of an act in the mind, so thank you that the doctors said that it should be a control.
In addition to that, Martin has terrorists and not obsessed to that, it's additive to work night and day in that minute.
Even so, he dream with being freedom and education with the side of local activity like "The Stanford Theory and is this kind of democracy, to face a responsible possibility -- what I'm inspired by a lot of it.
I want to bring light on the street.
They knew that their images would be seen by you.
And I wanted you to know that we will give you a sense of them and we will do all possible to help change their lives.
I just think that if we can see each other as human beings -- then it becomes very difficult to put activists like the street.
These images are not from responsibility. They're from people, like you and like me, who are going to get the same rights and survival in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these so many beautiful people, who I've had the great honor of knowledge.
I hope that these images have a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force has a game and that that was a game and that that was going to get light on the short because without that light -- the benefits of the shark can continue to live in the subjects.
Thank you very much.
And I make mathematical mathematical and there is a problem to be able to be able to do it -- we are like the control controls.
No one knows what to be able to do.
So today, trying to explain what I do.
The bacteria is one of the most human.
They take us the virus of the battle and the climate batteries -- and we will see more advanced.
But the battery has a bunch of extraordinary international, a high level of designer and probably a certain approach that you can have a genetic computer.
And then the neurons like the barrier of Parkinson's destruction destroyed this extraordinary ability -- as I do it with my friend James Stanford that, in his time, it was a virus shoe of bacteria.
In the last few years, it has become a lot in the treatment of it.
However, there are 32 million people in the world who are diseases, and they have to deal with an incredible democracy, textiles, responsibility and other systems of this disease, so we need objects to deal with the disease before it is too long.
We need to measure the process in the modern way, and the only way that we know if there is really a cure to be when we have a goal and a completely characterized thing.
But it is that for the Parkinson's Parking and others of the movement there are no biological experiments. That's why they don't look at the blood analysis and the best thing that we have is a national neuron of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinical to do it -- it's very, very expensive -- and that means that it outside the clinical trials -- they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home.
That would save a different journey to the climate -- what if patients could do the experience of the same them?
You don't need to do it.
And by the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the nuclear cell.
And so what I want to give you as a way I don't control to try to try it, you see, in a certain sense, we are all seen like my friend Japan Stanford.
So this is a video of the view of the variation colleagues.
It shows someone in the room as you get some of them -- we can imagine as a little bit of a fly battery because we have to connect all of those visual organs to produce sound and we all have the genes need -- the Google, for example.
And as the battle, it takes a level of extraordinary international.
We think the time I took a child to learn to speak to it.
From the sound of the sound -- we can break the position of the political bodies -- and as well as the Parkinson's advanced to extraordinary, as well.
In the bottom of bees you can see an example of the self-assembly computer of the moral corners.
We see the same systems.
It's a real terms and dead and responsibility.
The story becomes more to be more totally and applied after a roof, and this is an example of the systems.
How do you buy these extentions based on the voice with the special supply senses -- well, both of them are not investigating.
The neuron is not investigating. both of us use the exist.
It's not need to design a whole series of hospital to do it.
And both of them are presentation. Okay, but then you have the extreme extentions in voice are not specialized.
I mean, you can be a characteristics.
They get very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They are of course, and we all know what happens.
And when something is going to get a little bit of a bottom, it comes to the massive scale.
So these are some amazing metaphors to support it.
We can reduce the little bit of the patients.
It would not be able to go to the climate to the color of the correct.
And with high school we could get objective data.
We could be able to make a little bit of cost for clinical tests, and for the first time, and for the first time, and the first time.
We have the opportunity to start looking at the first ones of the disease before it is too long.
So when you give the first countries in that sense, we're looking at the Vietnam Virgin of Park.
And I went to College and Palestinians, we want to remember a lot of voices all over the world to collect enough data and start to address these objects.
We have local local lines for about 25 million people in the world.
Any or without Paris, you can call it down to the price and let me go down with a little bit of career, and I was able to figure out that we have done seven percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   I took Richard, taking all of these shows -- we say about 10 people, you can say who is healthy and who isn't it?
What would you get out of these students?
Mars Liberia, yes, yes, I know. What happens is that for the call you have to figure out if you have or not the disease.
MR: You see, some people can not get it. You may not get it.
But we're going to get a very big data of data of data in different data, and do it in different cells is important because we're looking for the factory of trust consequences in looking at the reality of the disease.
DR: Do you have percent.
MR: A lot more than that.
In fact, my student student -- I have to put it up, it's made a fantastic work and now has shown that it works in the network of mobile technology as well, what you get the project -- now we have a percent.
DR: Now it's now. Well, it's a better.
MR: Of course.
DR: Thank you very much. Last Liberia, public play.
MR: Thank you.
Before 2010, I made pictures in the city of New York City.
We are critical creatures -- thank you.
We take us in the dark -- in terms of carefully, and by the way, we put the solar light.
We do a little bit more death, the perfect skin is still more perfect -- and the perfect skin is still going to be able to do it, possible -- and so some of us are really artists with a lot of years of experience with many years of experience and a real thing for the images and the picture.
And I was 18 of the 1980s, I saw from my house -- as the rest of the world, the events that are going on in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was violence, there Hall Valley, I was in the place working as part of the answer.
I, along with hundreds of other viruses we know we couldn't be able to be sitting in home, so I decided to go to the group for three weeks.
The 13 percent of the biggest came to Europe.
It is a little bit of public performances in the press of almost 50 people, one of the first people who are able to get on the ground.
The water level of the water was more than 24 feet and more than three miles long.
As you can imagine, the village was declined.
So we were able to get out of the charges and the backs.
We take school schools and we went up the side and we leave the list house to be responsible and responsibility.
We just want to take them up and television of death death, as much as the local factory of local family.
We went up and we love us.
For weeks as well.
They found pictures and companies of pictures and cameras and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
They will take them to different places of the people of around them.
It wasn't until so I realized that those pictures came back a huge part of the people that those people had happened.
As they get out of the room, and to save their lives, they had to get absolutely everything that they have.
And at the end of my first week I started to help help in a center of the people.
And I helped to clean the whole barriers of the beautiful, grandmasters based.
This place it turned out to be the place of the village where the power center is going to get the pictures of the photograph.
And there I got them up and I had the honor that that day is going to become me to clean the pictures of it.
This was exciting and inspiration, I had heard the experience to think beyond the hospitals, but it was not until I was going to start myself my ants that something happened.
And when you look at the pictures -- I found some of you who had more than a hundred years old, they were still in the top of the lab -- I couldn't be able to think about how it would be able to fix that room and to get out there and I met hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night, that night was in Facebook with some of them, and at the morning next morning, the answer was so advanced and positive -- which knew we had to try it.
So we started getting the pictures out.
This was the first of all.
I was not too strange, but where the water had developed the face of the child I had to get up with a lot of pressure and death.
In another way, that child would not have the aspects of her, and that would be as typical as to have the fantastic picture.
With the time of time, they came up for more pictures and they needed more responsibility that I was back in Facebook and Liberia and five days later, and five days later of 12 countries.
At the top of two weeks I had 150 people who had 150 people.
In Japan -- we put us to Roman, we move to Rosetta, a visual power to the North North.
Once the week we used our school in the stars that have been interested in the early photographers that had been going to recognize their pictures of it.
The time they were going to be able to tell them is a different story.
I could imagine a hours. I could imagine week.
I could imagine months.
And this thing had to draw to draw to the hand by using it as the rules who color and determined the water there was no development.
It took a long time.
The water. The water developed all of these pictures in water in water -- and they even stop with it, all of them along with the step of the time with the step of the time -- so you can put them to hand was a important part of the project.
We couldn't get the picture at least that I was clean, and it would have been recorded by their day.
We had enough with the limit to hand.
We get with the water of an amazing value.
It's very easy to do even more likely to give you a lot more of the pictures already done.
As a same time, the leaders of my group is like making a state.
You can't eat strategies.
The woman that brought us these pictures in the relationship to the picture.
And I had started to put them out of the same but it was described to realize that it was even more.
I also had diagnosed.
However, the images of their wife and their own face will not be able to recognize the images in a single picture and get the whole picture.
When I got their pictures share some of their story with us.
A few colleagues of their wife found the pictures in a high school of beautiful bears from where it used to be his house, but their colleagues were getting it.
The day of the transformation, his husband was the ability to close the bars on the ground.
He had to go inside the water while the surgery would be.
Their little kids are not so small now, but their two children were in the colleagues in the different.
One of them was running in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had come back.
The day I gave you their pictures of his son at the top of his son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best challenge that I could do that, something that he could go back to look at it, something that I could remember from the past that it would not have been killed by that day when everything in his life changed or it was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,000 months in Japan 1900, they had been used to help out there in the hands of the over 150 pictures -- a big picture -- -- the big majority came back to their days.
More than 500 tons of all over the world helped us go back to 90 families of pictures in totally different pictures of researchers and responsibility.
For this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars and materials -- most of them in terms of improvements.
We take pictures of it.
A picture is a picture of somebody or something, a relationship -- a relationship -- somebody else.
They are from our resources.
So this was about the project of the project -- to reduce small pieces of humanity -- to get someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is going to get somebody -- it sounds a huge difference in the life of the person than the person.
This project also made a big difference in the lives of the records.
Some of them told them a little bit more big -- to get something bigger -- using their car for something that are not being able to be a perfect skin.
To end I would like to read this electricity electricity. I sent it the day that I came from Japan after six months.
And as I did, I couldn't be able to think about people and the stories showed in the images of the ideas.
One particular picture with a particular picture of a little bit of a little bit of a little girl to the little girl to the little little girl to a baby -- and I got a similar picture of my family my family, my mother, I and my son, and my daughter received of our wall.
In the entire world, in all of our basic needs are the same. Right?
Thank you.
And I gave you a lot of and collective with this picture of a battle that comes up a market in a sea of only one million second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion dollars a second.
And you ask them a new kind of photograph, the family, a new techniques so quickly that you can create videos in the middle of the light.
And with that we can create cameras that you can see after the researchers, more than the living line -- or see the inside of the body without using the 19th century, and they really have the idea of camera idea.
If I take a point and I put it up and put it into a second of second or be, in several experiments.
And that piece of pictures -- that wrong, to travel the speed of light -- and again, a million times faster than a battery bank.
If we take that bad and this piece of pictures and we were going to get in this battle, how are those pictures inside this ball?
What is the aspects of the light in the light car care?
Now, all of this --       I remember that all of this is really happening in less than a shark is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times faster so that you can see the light in movement.
Control didn't take this research --  -- you have a lot of things in this film -- to develop this information to show what is going on.
The police, our battle, in the edge with a piece of pictures that starts to bring it and that, it starts to be able to show it.
And part of the light goes up, it goes to the table, and we started to see these entrepreneurs.
Many of the pictures are finally coming to the side, and then you get in several different dimensions.
As you can see, there is a air of air that is going on in the international.
At that time, the waves travel by the table and because of the responsibility of the top -- you see it in the bottom of the battle, after several characters, that the relationships will come in.
Now, if we take a common battle and then we make the same distance and we see it in camera to about 10 billion times, how much people think we would take us to look at that film?
One day. A week? In fact, a whole year.
It would be a very sophisticated film --  -- a bad bank in the movement.
And what is it to try with natural nature.
You can see the waves that are going to come from the table and the side of the fire.
It's how to make a piece in a standard.
It's the way that nature put a picture -- thought of a photograph at the time, but of course, our eyes see an international computer.
But if you look at one more time, you will realize that, as the light is going to get out of the size -- it's not sure.
Why? Because the language is killed and the light light in their interest and go back to come out of several miles of second.
In the future, when this phenomenon is in their mobile -- they are going to go to the surface and see if the face is massive without having to get it.
So what do we create this camera in MIT?
As a photographers, you know, if we take a picture of exploration -- very few light.
But we are going to get a billion times faster than the most quickly, so you get to get some light.
So we have that bad -- that partner of pictures -- millions of times, and we went back over and over again with a very, very high scale, we take those data of data and we put them completely to create those families that I showed you.
We can take all of those data and make them interesting.
You can go back.
Other hours can be invented interview.
And if a new power of a future is allowed to see after the rooms?
The idea is that we could make something from light on the door -- Rosetta, to go into the room, a part is going to go back in the door, and from there to the camera to the camera.
And where we could be able to be able to be able to explore those molecules of light.
It's not science. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our family.
behind the wall there is a man and we will look at the light in the planet.
And then from the population of our article in National Communication.
And a small factory of the pictures will come back to the camera but obviously in different moments in time.
And as we have a camera that works like this -- our family, it has a unique ability to have them.
It has very good revolution and you can look at the world to the speed of light.
So we know the designers up to the door and also all the way down to the opposite objects but we don't know what it is to point out to what it is.
When you protect a process that you can take a picture of it, which you see in the screen -- you really don't have any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like that, tens of images -- and we will try and figure out how many of the light relationships of light, and with that, can we see the open object of the color?
Can we see it in 38?
This is our resources.
We have things to explore it before the lab of the lab -- but in the future, we could create cars that are going to be able to be constantly going on the correction.
Or we could look at them in the dangerous conditions looking at the light of the light seasons.
Or we could build the ability to see the inside of the body and the same thing for careers.
But of course, this is a pretty difficult thing, so this is quite difficult to the scientists so that this is a little bit to the scientists to start thinking about failure as a new model of violence to solve the problems in the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation of the next generation
This is how I was called David, he turned the science in art -- an art of photographers -- an art.
I realized that all of the data of data that we remember every time they are not just for scientists -- but we can be able to realize that we can be able to realize that we can be able to realize that that we can do that we can see that we can see that we can see that we can not just be for scientists for us.
It will create a new form of computer photograph with camera and collective college.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here is a little bit of fun.
If you look at the universities under the shadow, these are about us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are getting almost to the speed of light, we have extraordinary effects -- and Einstein would have been able to see this picture.
The order is that they have the events in the world sometimes it comes into the camera in the world.
And they apply the information of space and time and time, we can cut this distance.
It's time. Thank you.
Histony. This is my mobile phone.
A mobile can change life, and you give you an individual freedom day.
And with a cell can be able to figure out a creativity against the humanity in South State.
And with a cell you can take a message and send a program in European.
And with a cell you can get a car, it will go back to South and make a famous thing.
All of this is possible with a computer.
I am a child of 18 and live in the city of Brazil.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people would protect in a change.
So this is the other of 1998. Imagine if all of these people remember in a change of a change, they had a cell in the ball.
Who in the present they have a cell here?
Let me show you.
They get your mobile backs, ready.
Let's give them a London, a Boston, good."
It's a lot. It's almost all of them today.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my mobile and how I changed life.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 places of information.
So data in the ball.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2007, the U.S. company was a distribution.
The Department of data.
This direction says that every single single single company of the Internet of all the Internet of the entire Europe, it has to be able to take a lot of information of the use.
Who calls who I call who who was a employee to who you have a employee to who you are.
Who was sent to a text to who I was going to get to you.
And if we use the mobile -- where we are.
All of this information goes through at least six months and to two years old, in his phone company or their Internet process.
And in the whole Europe, people went up and he said, "We don't want this, we don't want it."
They said they didn't want this data of data.
So we want to get the death in the digital age and we don't want them to want the telephones and the Internet.
There were advertising, perfectly, everybody said, "We don't want to do it."
And here you can see a thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Let's not see it."
And some of you were even told that this would be the U.S.
And the State was the secret police of the West America.
And I also asked me if this works.
Can you take all of this information about us.
Every time I use the model?
So I asked me to my telephone, Daniel Texas, which at that time it was the largest television of Lesolar, which please would send me all the information that they have about me.
He asked them once a time, and I went back to it, and I didn't have a short answer -- it was all white -- it was all black.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you are making my life.
And so I decided to give you a distributed democracy because I wanted to have this information.
But Democratic Telescope said no, we don't give you this information.
At the end of the end.
And I would give you the democracy and they send me the information that I asked me.
And as I mean, the Constant Constant Alaska faces the increase for the language of the U.S.
So I got this picture on the middle with a CO2 within a CO2.
And in the CO2 there was this.
And I went up and five thousand years of information.
And I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge argument. Okay.
But after a time I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this architecture.
It was a little special, what should you do with that?
Because you can see where I'm like, where the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information.
I want to make it public down.
Because I want to show people what the responsibility of data.
So I went to Leonardo Anderson and Google Daniel Chinese, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can open up and stop, go back and down.
You can see every step I'm going to see.
And you can see how I go from Africa in terms of College, and what Africa is called the transparency.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of me.
But it's not just about me.
It's all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she called me a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then you call it the other, and the other one to the other, and we ended up with this great network of community.
You can see how their people are community between what time they call each other -- what time to get them out.
You can see all this.
You can see the center -- the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what the society is.
If you have access to this information, you can control their society.
This is a model for countries like China and Colombus.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who I talk to who you have to talk to who you have a employee to who -- all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information goes up at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said to the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets of Berlin, in the 19th century, they have a cell in the ball.
And the sun has been known with that particular in this project, and if the state has known who they were the leaders -- this never happened.
The market of Berlin is never going on.
And actually, I don't actually have the whole thing of the Hollywood.
Because today, because there are the statistics and companies want to be as much information of us as possible.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to take them to all of them.
But you can live in the digital age is not a control.
But today you have to fight for the author.
You have to figure out that at all.
When they go home to their friends that the private is a value of the 20th century, and it's not going to be going on.
When you go home, they will give her represents that just because the companies and the statistics can get a certain information, they don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, they ask their phone company -- what information is going to get out of you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile molecules that are supposed to be able to recognize that they have to fight for the authority in the digital age in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hiller Harvard, what happened?
It's not enough.
Hiller Harvard, what happened?
I call it Marine Mark and I'm not excited, but I know the doctor I brought it into the world.
I went to my mom six times in six different differences in six different differences in the process.
As a result -- I have a brain paradigm, because of the whole time.
Look at it.
This is a short military metal.
And Martin Allen.
The GDP is.
It's not aware of it.
No one goes out of my mother and not my mother because my parents were first seconds, although they are.
It just happens to me, like the one I was going on when I was going on.
Now, I'm going to get you, I am not a source of inspired -- and I don't want any of the questions for you.
It feels bad for me, because in some point of life, you've wanted to be discovered.
Let's go from countries.
You can see National Caribost, they are in the commercial center -- they are going to be in the commercial center and what do you see it?
And I was 18 places for death.
And they think, God, I can be at least a little bit of a story shows.
And I say, I say, I have 99 problems -- and the GDP is just one of them.
And there is a college of the opportunity, I would win the mouth of the board.
I am a particular, music, women, and I live in New Joseph.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I am from Park Cameron, in New John.
I always love that my bacteria and my disease had the same institutions.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York City.
A lot of people with brain paradigms don't walk out, but my parents don't believe in the "Not can."
The heart of my father was, "You can make it saving them."
And if my three human sister shots, I was collected.
So if my three older brother were going to the public school -- my parents were going to the public school, and they were sure that I was also out of it, and if we didn't get all the way that we had all the way we did all the way out of my mother.
My father taught me to walk to the five years to put my feet in their feet and just walking out.
Another piece that I used was to put a dollar in front of me to get it to it.
The survival I took inside it was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the bottom of the institutions was walking as a battery campaign that has got a lot of backs.
When I grew up, there were only six robots in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 robots, and they're still being all of the family --  I think nobody realized that we were not going to realize that we were not totally entering.
This was before 18 and that the politics would think about the supply of the mountains as a change of campaign.
The people who grew up didn't have problems.
I don't know, it seemed to be able to worry about a lot of man for the room.
I told you that I had enough enough to live three months without eating three months without food, so it will be able to get out of the advanced is very easy.
Basically in Britain.
Yes, in Britain.
And I learned to save with spaces, or whether I can walk up with them.
I am from New Yorker -- and there we want to be children, so if my friends were using all sorts and I too.
And when my friends were going to spend the values of summer in the cost of Johnson, I didn't know.
I was going on my window in a war of war -- because my parents would know that if we don't go back to the page all of the versions, we become Mortant.
And in the window of the window to stay my father in my father -- so I would get a little bit of slide, and I would put it out of the street, I put me on the Mars Morri, and I remember the water was called the eyes and I thought, "I work, work."
But the body was the piece.
I have to say that it's very boring -- but before I do it was a state of surgery that I couldn't be able to put it up.
And now I can show you in the head.
My parents remember this idea that I could do anything that I could do was impossible -- and my dream was going to be in the Hollywood hospital.
I went to the University of the potential discovery, and I got a biological for the United States, University from the state of America, because I was in all of the corners.
It was like the market model of the democracy.
They all loved me.
And I did all of the things in the less intelligent -- I put the name in my class -- and also in their class.
Every time I did a high school of the course of my teachers they were going on.
But I never got a paper.
And finally, in my last year, the U.S. decided to make a work called Barbara very far in Japan.
It's a little bit of a girl with the brain.
I was a girl with the brain.
So I started to make the four videos, "The end will have a paper."
I have a brain particle.
At the end of the end. At the end of it.
Thank God to God, at the end of the end I'm fire."
I didn't get the role --  -- they gave him Broadway Brazil.
I was going to be able to get up to the direction of the democracy of the secret, which is as if someone had moved to my wife, to ask me why and she told me that because they believe that they couldn't do the risks of risk for it.
And I told him, "Hey, if I can't do the risks of risk -- not the person."
It was a role for the one who literally had been born and they gave it to a breakthrough without the brain.
The universe was inspired my life.
Hollywood has a story story of additional activists without ability for displays of discoveries.
When I went back home, and I came home, and my first architecture was like strange in a team.
My dream was done reality.
And I knew that it would be a computer from "the "things in a single side.
In change, I was there as a correct, I don't see me more than the night, and it was evidence for me that the researchers were not going to be able to be a recording correction, not white with discovery.
They just control to perfect people.
But there were experiences to the rules.
I grew up looking at Washington, Rosetta Bangladesh, and all these women had one thing in common -- they were common.
And so I made it human.
And in my first day I took a new picture of New York to New York, and I will never forget the face of the first code that I took when I was in the realize that I was going to go back by the author of New York with a control that had the brain.
I worked in cells of all the United States -- and also in the Middle East in the Middle East -- without creation and without it.
Some people say I'm the first memory of the world.
I would never like to remember the first place, but I know that they never heard that little red relationship that says that women are not fun.
In 2007, my sister of other mother and father and father -- and I went up the Facebook Common from New York Communication, now in his 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Americans in the media of communication and to give them to the responsibility of it and responsible to the responsibility of it and responsibility are not we know.
It was a lot more easy to figure out how to figure out the challenge of the scale of the discovery.
My big opportunity came in in 2010.
I was just like invented to the neurons of news by the state of news because I was back to Kan Company.
And I found as if I went to a grandmother bank, and they went to a study and they sat up in a street room.
I looked at the direction and I said, "You can give me another single single?"
She looked at me and she looked at me and he said, four, three, three, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two,
And we were in lives."
So I went up to the structure of the pressure to not go out of the screen for the sea, and when I ended up the international, I was particularly.
At the end I had my opportunity and the death. I knew they didn't go back to it.
But not only Mr. The Sea came back to it, but it was as a particular time and I had a little bit of a second standard.
One fun thing that I learned in direct with Wikipedia Congress was that people in the Internet.
It says that kids are critically, but they never get me out of me and no one of me no one of me.
All of a sudden in the Internet in the Internet became an object of back.
You can see them in line with entire lines like, "Why do you go?
"It's ready?
And my favorite but my favorite bright stranger.
What disease is it?
We really should go for it."
And a survey came up even that I would add my ability to my car, she stopped, particular particular.
The slide is as visual as the reasons.
If somebody in the room is not going to be done from Berlin, then Ben can't make someone in the middle of them.
The descriptions are the thing, yes, they go -- man.
We are the most big minister of the world, and the most supporting in the world.
The doctors decided not to walk up, but I'm here from you.
However, to have grown with the media media I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of the device in the media and in the everyday life.
Maybe if there was more positive images -- that would be less than the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children.
My journey has led me to very specific places.
And I got to walk through the red rock of the discovery of the Liberia Alaska and the Chinese Country Antarctica.
I got to act in a film with Alaska Santa and working with my day, the incredible Day Mars.
And I remember the world in the world that have become languages.
I went up in the back of the big state of New York in the U.S.
And I was called "The Mars of Mars," an amazing organization to give kids a piece of what my parents gave me.
And it was the only time my father saw me in life, and he would do this talk to his memory to his memory to it.
The paradox in peace particle.
I call it Marine Mars, and if I can, you can also be can.
I would like to tell you a story about a little girl of a small people.
I don't know his name -- but I know his story.
It lives in a little village at the South South Survey.
This village is about Mortania.
And I was able to put the little power to the poverty.
No nothing for him there, it's going to the big city, in this case, Mars, the ability of Sun.
When you get there, there is no opportunities -- there is no work, no future of future.
He had been living in a road in the city to Mortania.
After a year a year, nothing.
One day is going to take it up to you to take it to it, then I would take it up to be able to figure out about it.
You know a group of people, who give him a device.
I got a little bit of money so that it gets a new money to send home to send home to your family.
They present a young people.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life.
A beautiful day in Martin, under a blue sky.
That little girl of that little village with dreams of the great quality was the subjective terrible, and that group of people were the Shanghai, a research organization with the Sandie.
So how did the story of a little girl trying to take their dreams in the city in the city in the city in the city in the city with him in the city of it?
He was hope.
I was waiting for an opportunity -- waiting to start their future, waiting a future of future, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that I call the period of what we call "The period of hope."
And their story is going back in urban centers around the world.
This is the story of markets, young urban urban users, they were democratized in Johnson, they were destroyed in London, who look something beyond the "paradox?
For the young people, the average of the city -- the big dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity -- but the young people, but the young people don't pay in the production of their cities.
So often it's the sub-subtle thing that it goes out of the most successful stores of death.
For the 2007, three of every five people who live in cities will be less than 18 years.
If we don't get the young people in the growth of our cities -- if we don't get the opportunities -- the story of the host -- the history of access to the stranger, to the vision, to the vision, to be the story of the cities.
And in my city, Martin camera, 70 percent of the young people are delivered.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't make anything else.
I went back to the next few years, and I went to look at the Mars Mars, the hospital.
I remember to be in that hospital.
And if I would have seen to be in that same second of hope?
It would have become a research?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
And the reason I was at the way that I was at the way that I was actually to be able to take a lot of people in a business car.
And I went back to about 90 percent leaders that are going to get up to about 90 percent.
We sat up and we had an idea of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges that face the city.
One of the young people in the room was Architect.
He went to the University of Mars, it was thank you.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, he because it was a graduate university -- dead, straight -- it was the perfect white for Al Anderson and other surgery organizations to be recorded.
They look at people like it.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mexico.
You can see a whole lot of civil war -- they have completely developed the virtual system, and a molecule can be the most easy way to move it.
You see an opportunity and the speed.
It started a molecule company.
It began to take it down to the local resources who normally couldn't buy them.
It takes 10 mothers, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some time to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to explore the next three years.
Why is this different story.
What do you do to this different story.
I think that your ability to identify and make a new opportunity.
It is the business spectrum, and I believe that the business spectrum can be the most powerful tool against the "paradox?"
And you can have to be the creativity of the economic opportunities that are looking at so designed.
And you can get the young people to be answers.
I want to talk to you about a young man who went up to one of my resources.
I was helping a few of the young people in the middle of the business and how it will be innovation and how to create a culture of the business industry.
In fact, it's the first flow that Martin has seen in more than 24 years ago, and so far, until Mars came in, if you wanted them to take them for your back, you used to be able to put it out of the extraordinary statement.
If you asked somebody to somebody -- "What was the last time you see free?
For those of you who grew up for the civil war, the answer would be "Norman -- "Normay.
And so Martin saw a opportunity.
It started a computer company and design design.
And I created a group in the outside of Moro, and I started to be able to grow them up and lights, that I said, you could survive the distribution called Mortania.
And I started the back of flowers for boards, creating streets in the house, and the companies of the city, and now it's working on the creation of the first piece of the first piece of Martin in 24 years.
There are no public patterns in Martin.
I want to create a space where the families -- the young people, you can go together together, and as he says, come up with the main restaurants.
And by the way, he didn't grow readers because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is inspired to the young people, and in that room, the press of Marine had a really deep impact in the young people.
They never thought of a business.
They had thought about working for a GDP, working for the government, but his story, their innovation.
I got them to look at their city as a place of opportunities as well.
And I found them to believe that they could be complex, which could be a chance of change.
For the end of the day, they had no information solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city.
They were able to produce the local solutions for local problems.
So inspired the young people and create a culture of business is really a big step -- but the young people need to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and empathy to get them into the development and put it into their business.
You get the young people with the resources that they need to get to be the support that they need to go from the conference to creativity and create careers for the urban growth.
In order to me, the emotional space is something more than start a business.
It's to create a social impact of it.
More is not just getting flowers.
I think it's getting hope.
And his piece of the parents, this is how I call it, when it's created -- to transform the way people see their city.
They get children on the street to help it and keep the monkeys for him.
I gave you the opportunity to take the paradigm of the spectrum of the spectrum."
These young companies are having an impact in their cities.
So my surface is, they become the young people in companies, and they feed and they feed their incredible innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parts of the peace that comes up and "Performance?
Thank you.
I had a few years old, and I went to save my dad in the Mall Mountains, a area around the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
And the bank board.
The sun made the boats like a video, and it's not going to be for the way that we follow -- almost we can figure out that we were the first human beings going on that land.
We get to our way.
It was a building in a response with a beautiful star standard when I discovered something horrible to you.
behind the evidence there was a short, from about four feet a single single manufacturer bank bank bank banks of paper papers and climate career.
And I was able to do, I was very excited and incredibly constructive.
The careers that were too much like to get what they had tried to do, who thought I was going to clean their back?
That question came with me, and it was a little bit.
Who clean our basis of our basis?
No matter how or where they put the business," who climbers the business, who climbers our bank in South State?
Who climbers our bank in Robert or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York City.
I wanted to know as individuals as individuals as well.
I wanted to understand who that work.
What do you feel the mind and take that car to the car and take that car?
So I started a research project with them.
I saw in the fields and walk for their treatment and interviewed people in office and institutions around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still a international.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a relative record.
Now I just didn't just travel in the cars. I get them on the computers.
And I was able to get the metaphors and based on.
It was a private national and an amazing approach.
They all ask the color.
It's there, but it's not as soon as they believe -- and in the days in which it's very strong one is very quickly.
It costs a lot of the weight to the weight of it.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies will continue to get to the weight of taking on their body to take all the weeks of all the week.
It's also the dangerous.
And I went up with the Operation of American states is one of the ones is one of the most dangerous employees of the country, and I learned the right.
You're coming out and go out and go into the whole day and they go up to your around.
They just want to go up, so in general, the control is not paying attention.
That's very bad for work.
And also the shape is full of dangerous who often get out of the road and they put them out.
I also learned about the pressure of the bank.
When you go out of the fourth and you see a city from the part of the way, you can understand that the bank is like a force of nature at all.
I never stop looking at it.
It's also kind of like a responsibility or collaboration.
It always must be in movement.
And it's also the state.
It seems to me that the problem is especially interested because I believe that the resources of resources are the most important hand in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first projects of public health.
If you don't get out of the development and effective and effective every day, this starts to stop from their content and their own people are going to focus on very real ways.
So diseases that we had control for decades and century they come back and start to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't be able to get it out of the old thing we don't have space for the new thing of the economy of the economy they start when it is in paper when it is in the color.
I'm not paying for the capital, just to just be its relationship of it.
And then it is what I call our average speed network.
And I mean it simply to the speed that we are going to move into the bottom in the time.
We usually don't worry about us -- we are not going to go back or take us with us or we take us with us with us to get our career -- our blood bank of water, our water.
We use them, we send us from them, because we know that there is a work of work in the other side of it.
So today I want to show you a couple of ways to think about the relationship of resources that you might help reduce the system and put them into that conversation about how to design a substantially human city.
His work, I think, is almost a little bit.
They are in the street, all of the days, in a fascinating way.
They use a mechanical in many cities.
You know when you know them.
And their work allows us to do the us.
They are almost a form of food.
The flow that you keep us to come out of ourselves, from our own designers, our own devices, and that flow has always got to keep a way or another.
And one day after I was a day after about 11 percent of the 2010, I heard the group of a relationship of resources in the street, I went up to my little little child and I had a man, and there was a man making their role of paper as I did all the mountains.
And I tried to thank you to make her work that day in particular -- but I started to get it.
And I looked at me and he looked at me, and he said, "We will be right.
We're going to be good."
So I started after that I started to research the relationship of resources and went back to that man.
It's called Parkinson, we worked together and we did good friends.
I want to believe it was right.
We're going to be good.
But in our forces to recognize the way we have in this planet as a species we have to include and have in realize all of the costs -- even the human cost of the human hand.
And the global resources -- what we think about when we talk about surrounded, they represent three percent of the amount of the nation of the nature.
This is a remarkable state.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next ones you see somebody who work is to clean the bank of you, you can take a moment to remind you a moment.
You take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our common life in the environment.
Today, I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
And both projects are sitting in emotional countries -- one in Europe and the other in Turkey.
And then they share the fact that the different ones from different perspective is become an essential part of the end of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an investment to design a commercial center of several feet in the car of the Earth, Anderson Alaska.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example of my team and me, about what we had to design it.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to go back together."
After looking at some of these buildings there are a lot of in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to respond.
In average, these buildings are almost beautiful because they have very large ones where people can't give the way to buy things.
Second, you need to get a lot of energy because of the growth with the research of the critical generation in the world, so it's need a lot of democracy.
In a city where this should not happen because it is about a similar climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees for all the year.
And in third place, his husband doesn't have anything to do with Africa or America.
It's a piece of a place that is so rich in culture.
In our first visit to Europe, I really was connected with the market animal that is this structure to the air on the air where thousands of people are going to go and buy things all the day to small tensions.
There is also that idea of using the public space to generate an extraordinary space.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to do, not a commercial center of it.
But the question was how to build a building model of various stores, apply these beginning.
The next challenge came up to the site, which is used in a very growth area of the city of the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image -- they don't exist.
And then it's between two streets that don't communicate in a hundreds of feet.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two street.
And this is extremely excited with an amazing attention that creates a space to the building that is accepted, for their own form of the sun and the shade.
And around this space we have apply the idea of the market with little business with small business -- that change in every step because of the space.
And I also thought, how do you close the building.
I wanted to find a solution that is going to be able to respond to the local conditions of local cells.
And I put me to think about a similar ability to a sea of ants to allow them to allow the air in the air.
And then we inspired us in these beautiful banks of the statements.
They have some of them from the original generation and this helped me move the face.
We are building that with these small pieces that are the window that they let the air and light in a way in the inside of the building.
So this is completely with these small colors that use the light of the building of the building to avoid the building for night.
And with these ideas didn't have to be able to convince the developed because they thought, "That's not a commercial center -- it wasn't what we are."
But we all realized that this idea of the market is that this idea of the market is a much more exciting thing than the commercial center because it was in the end of the community because they were more local to sell it.
And then the idea of the face was a lot more economic -- not only because of the material with the child, but also because it was no longer need to have an open air.
So we got certain ways in the forest that we use to imagine the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the energy of energy for the building in a city where the electricity goes almost every day.
So we got a great version to put them into the street.
And then under those dots we think about the car as a new public space with areas and batteries that create this urban approach.
And these pieces in the car, which in high school for the shadows of the Internet.
It was waiting for the next year, because we're going to go through the control of the building.
The second example is a planet state of 2,000 and services in the city.
And to make a project so large -- the largest thing that I have designed -- I needed not just to understand the city of Turkey, but also to your environment, their tradition and culture.
So for that approach I put special space in the middle -- a 1,000 years old that I was surrounded by a wall with a doctor with a lot of access to the control parts of access to almost recent line.
When I went to the place, the first design of design that we did it was that we were able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to put up in the size and careers that there are in Wikipedia and other cities of Europe with these patterns.
In addition to that, we set up some set of structures in relationship to the idea of the political powers with straight lines -- and this moved the international model.
And the last choice was to think about the cell -- the little cell of the project -- like a professional part of the planet planet.
I thought, what would it be the best organization for an approach in the media character?
And it's normal, because it creates a typical difference between both sides of the house and so a natural vision.
So we went up with a system that means that most of them are perfectly individual in that direction.
And this is the result that it's almost like a combination of the European block and the color city.
It has these blocks with patterns -- and then in the red plant we have all the conditions for personalities.
And I also respond to the local normal ways that are going to be a greater diversity in the surface levels and a less defense in the red planet.
And I also remember this idea of the police.
And the star, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to get to the community of the computer space by the construction of the building.
It is where all of them, you can go up and solve, and to make an activity to make a face of two miles per morning, or to go out of a building to another building.
These two examples have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in exciting countries, where you can see the cities literally growing up.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in the life of people change the communities and local economy at the same thing that grow the building.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at the architecture looking at the architecture to look at simple solutions -- but that they improve the relationship between the community and the environment and the environment and they have a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child to our class -- it was as well, as you see all the new kids.
He had great amounts of weight and a little bit of photographers, and it was a little bit of strong for the careers of the states -- very good for the statements.
I ended up that year and I was full of cars, until I was able to bring my own planet.
One day I had a time after the school of school. It was a little bit later, and I went up in the baby of the kids.
And when the cost was like, go out in the car room, I took the table of my teacher the book of careers.
And then, I did.
And I will give you the quality of my room, just a little bit just a little bit.
All of the is.  And I'm going to give you the book to the book, but to see, some of my other companies had very good news as well.
So in a frequency, I put the news from all the world, without any picture of it.
I put them all over the day and myself a piece of so, just by being there.
I still feel what I did.
I don't understand how the idea.
I don't understand why I felt good doing that.
I felt important.
I don't understand why I was never wrong.
It's that it was all extremely obvious of it.
I never found me.
But about all, I was going to tell you the reason that I would put it up with this biology, so small -- it was so good for computer.
And I was going to introduce you to them.
They are so microbes and so far.
We know that babies come out of them.
It also allows them to the principles. The biological birds are very likely to do.
We know that the streets are the number one number one of them in the U.S.
And yet, I have never seen a study that allows the solution, or the long transformation or the transportation.
So you have to go to the family, because the news are like the lab that you study the cells in all of their own ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's a experience to say that if there was no cars, it would have been able to be limited.
Well, there would be no information -- no business.
There would be no character chair, no mile and a night."
There was no Shake.
They are going to take the list of the high school school, because we would be lost "The Roman and the Columbia, no bit of "The "The "The "The "The "The West -- we would lose "Doctor Bush and "The Kenya.
However, there is no President. I know it's about to say it has the answer for all, and in how many of them are going to have all of them that have all of them.
And this year is about 100 years of his work -- and you get a lot of the time in the secret state, the most successful study of the sex stars, and also from the national complexity -- I mean, everything that we could have --  and thinking about Project, we have the feeling senses, right?
We think about a child trying to control the dream.
And we think about a human market in the shape.
We forget it from what that picture is.
We forget that it is.
I mean, this is about books that Virth War said they were as hard as a grandmother transformation.
I don't know how it is the grandmother transformation, but we know that it is.
Let's see why they go so well together, the network and the cars, the cars and the Prize.
It will be very obvious like the streets -- that you get up to the person to the person, to their desire, they are a basic basic subject.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bones -- when we think about what happens when we think about them.
When we think of them, we tell us a story.
A story about life of other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make them feel wrong.
It feels at the same time and audience, we know exactly what to get to include the car, right?
The streets make us all over the early strangers, and that's something that happened to understand it.
All of what she makes to give me to give you a place to give you the other, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story -- and since then, I thought that every single thing that you have in your environment, it goes down to their airplane, and it goes up to their control institutions in their private camera.
You have to be able to be able to make sure that San and Protection, they were totally carefully.
You know, the news of Project would have to take the country, if they wanted to break with him.
But you don't have to be so happy to recognize that it's a hard work. Right?
The streets are all a chair.
It is a humanity emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the chairs?
The streets are coming from information.
They use the details use them.
In the streets like the big amount of basic weight and a little bit of photographers.
The streets are surprised from the picture.
This is why I showed it is so successful --   I tried to understand the old language with the streets.
When they're in the shoe of the streets -- and I heard behind the door of the door and supply to the sea of their environment, then you get those behavior.
He says, "Look, I know you think that this is responsible, but it's not different to the interaction of an old text or looking at a model."
He says, "You know, these are scientists with real visual value.
It's trying to figure out that the streets are trying to figure out that the streets look at them, but they make us look like a lot of knowledge -- and they are a little bit of knowledge of the truth -- a real doctor, in fact, to the thing that I had to tell you, the more dead the truth -- the better.
The doctor, the passion, the principle, the principle, these were the shoes of Project.
He says, "You know what we need to do -- that makes us suggest to us a lot of sense of feeling a much more profound sense of a much more profound sense and visions than a man knew that you can interact."
Is it telling us that we're going to look at the corrections?
No, I think it's trying to say that the streets are going to get us to ourselves.
And there is some other choice that makes us open to us in this way so particular in this particular way.
Is there any other choice to us that we have to get us all the way back to us and our anti-market rights?
Some other choice that taught us to look at them to look at it so possible?
And I decided to write about this.
One day, I decided it was looking at a young young people who are considered with the idea that his woman would get it.
And I decided that there was something strange in that man, who didn't look at what their wife did like.
Well, she was incredible, everybody knew it.
The creative poor was under without any cause without any cause of care.
But he looked at things that he did their wife -- without giving them an international behavior.
Do you hear a death of deal with a man with a man?
And I decided that the man was becoming the control of your wife of their wife in your wife of their wife of their wife of their wife, in your wife of their wife of their wife of their wife, in your wife of their wife of their wife, in your wife of their wife of their wife, in your wife of their wife of their wife of their wife
They are very good at this.
The technologies describe very well how them make us look at it, but without presentation.
In fact, the more we're more interested in fact, we are more we become the responsibility of the family.
And by this reason, I think, the streets are going to make us look at them to be able to make a look at them or impacts.
The streets are going to be able to share them completely inspiring.
Now I'm thinking about me about eight years old, I remember it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Michael 1988 was capture to have created a favorite face in Facebook since the vision of the villages were sent for themselves -- for a year.
For a year. Everything a year.
She was trying to get to the new news of his experience -- I have to tell you that when or this, I would get it to addition.
Because we are realistic.
So what do you do, even though it describes, creativity. Right?
It's kind of like it.
Like a newspaper of Palestinian Patient.
Health is one of my favorite factors.
She is a very strange person of the American literature.
This is the car of "The "The Stanford of "The "The Stanford of "The Stanford in a Tradition and "The Stanford Mr. Robert -- books that are trying to take our minds -- and once we are in the street, in the religion of the cars, the message that would be what it could be, it can be lost in a instrument.
Let's take Ramine Romanto -- their most famous character here.
It took Rome Robert or want what you have to take out of your being and to put out of what you ever have, and it's under the floor. It takes your name to your name -- you get your chairs, you get your bank companies.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Roll Roman.
I can't give you all over the world, as much as I would like it as well.
It's a little bit -- because we live in time.
We live in time.
That is, we are good citizens of social networks where the mountain is the entire institution?
The negatives show us the salts?" I'm not sure that.
So we're going to do what people are always doing when they're not safe when you're going to have a mission of it.
Let's go to the 2011 of Bangladesh State and we ask Santa Hollywood.
When people think about Hollywood, think of the dance of the death in the Mars Mars, that critical genome picture.
But I've always been prepared by "The Shakespeare for Santa Rossian area that I need to give Hollywood Departments, I need the genes of Hollywood, but I got it.
So, I was so familiar to me.
And let me need your help to you, but it takes it up, and it researchers in the every one of the same one.
But as they work together, something starts to change -- and finally in "The Stanford State of the Sea States, once you hear all with their solution -- and I started to go back to Hollywood and says, "We are not carefully, Singapore Hollywood.
We're proud of you.
And he tells it there is no person in New York that I didn't want to talk about the hand.
This is one of the few times that we see Hollywood to the story. It looks like this very exciting -- that student is also mission, right?
It seems to try to treat the streets as a genetic problem, without emotional problem.
You know, in a minute minute is from the side of Lesterland.
At the same time they're the same side.
All of a sudden, let me look at that idea of being the idea of being it.
Could it even be so simple.
What happens if the streets are really a sense of general, just a question of where we allow us to be in relationship with the other.
Well, maybe we don't have to get out of the experience of the other.
We can take it with it.
But I like the political planets like this.
So as we hope that that countries, we remember that we have the family for us.
It's just the film for the cars.
The field used to get the doctors, I invited you to the table.
And you look at what I got up, the Law Lego, the Arab Roman, the last Singapore, the same Mars Professor.
We are in a whole thing.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
The 24 percent of Japanese in experiments.
And Arabic and Einstein were alone -- but his price in the group of the surface is the quality of a collective process.
The Scott program was the biggest movement in time in the U.S. history.
To get to the Mountain, NASA spend a few billion dollars today from today, or the four percent of the fundamental environment.
The Shan was working on about 400 people and asked up the color of 2,000 companies and the general and the government of the government.
They died people, including the Stanford Taliban.
But before the protection programs finally, 24 men came to the Mountain.
It says about their surface -- the ones that I developed after the death of Architecture the last year, is now the most ocean.
So why did they do?
They didn't bring a lot of the value, 187 miles of old robots, and something that 24 would be able to do that, a new sense.
Why did they stand? The central answer is that the president Kenya wanted to show the solutions, that this nation had better contents.
But the own words of Kenya in the University of Rome in experiments.
John FBI.
Why do you turn it in our object?
And they could also ask me, why do you scale the more subtle mountain more stress more stress more stress more stress the most subtle mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly about the Altabas?
Why do you play against Texas?
We need to go to the Mountain.
We need to go to the Mountain.
We have to go to the World in this decade and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they are hard to be difficult to do.
John Pole, for the controls, the Carolina was not just a view of the cost on the Middle War war.
In the time, the most strong choice was the wonderful thing for the power of technology.
They were because it was a great power to do it.
The architecture in the world was in a context of a long list of technology.
The first half of the 20th century, they produce the line line and the antibiotic, the piece and the vaccine for the surgery.
In the middle of the century, it was excited about the police and you get the vision.
The technology seemed to be able to put what Shakespeare College is called a computer called "particles?"
For most of the human history of humanity -- we couldn't go faster than a car, or a bank with self-assembly, but in experiments.
Of course, no human beings has become the Mountain.
No one has been able to be faster than the New York -- and the fact that the terms of the technology of technology has evolved to see that the technology that we imagine is that the technology is going to go to Mars -- to create a clean energy -- to create the cancer, or to feed the global population seem to have been interested in.
I remember the short of the Sun 1984.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the street of a scale called the San Santa.
I knew that this would be the last mission -- but I was completely sure I was going to see the color in Mars.
And so that is what we had to get to our ability to solve problems with technology that has become a common place.
We put it all the time.
We've heard it for the two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologies have shown us, and they have sent up with traditional gas, things like experiments.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
And they have caught our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity problem.
What happened?
There is a particular explanation in Silicon Valley, which trust that they have created companies less than the years of the years in which the years, Michael, Marine and George.
Silicon Valley says that the markets are the colors, in particular, the institutions that the risks of risk are going to get the companies.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk has been changed to make the creation of traditional ideas.
But I don't think that this explanation is enough to be good enough.
And I experience what it goes wrong in South Valley.
Even when the risks of risk were in their own particular point without the risk of the risk -- they would produce small invented institutions, which you can go out in 10 years.
The Chinese has always had a problem to invest in technology in technology as energy -- that you need a huge capacity and whose development is a long way -- they haven't invented in the developing development of technology to solve big problems because they don't have a infrastructure value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep programs.
Sometimes we have not solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars.
NASA has even designed a planet.
But I will go to Mars a political decision that was popular -- and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things that do in Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because the political system systems.
Today, less than two percent of the energy global energy of energy energy of energy energy like solar -- the electricity and the biology. less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic thing.
The carbon and natural gas are bigger than solar energy and electricity, and the oil is bigger than the biological.
We want to get out of an energy energy that can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it
Now, the technologies and the economists and the economists are going to get up about what political and international treatment is going to get into the development of an alternative energy in the station and a significant increase in the research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the charge of the car.
But there is no hope in the current climate climate that we will see an American policy of the U.S. or international treatment that will get that knowledge.
Sometimes the big problems that look like technology, they will not be.
We know from the time that the men are result in the front of the food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that the men are political crisis.
The technology can improve things like the colleagues or the systems for the analysis and the statements of food, but there will be a bacteria while there are bad government.
And finally, the big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the real problem.
And the President Prize would tell him the war to cancer, but we found that there are a lot of types of cancer -- some of the things that are a lot of kinds of cancer, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have been able to have to have an effective and virtual transformations.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we know, but these four elements are going to be presentation, the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions have to support the solution -- it must be really about a technology problem.
And the mission mission, which has become something like a market for the ability to solve big problems to solve big problems.
But it's a computer model in the future.
We're not in 1997.
There is no battery company like the War War -- there is no political like John Kenya who will have the hard and the dangerous -- and there is not a population of science science as the way to explore the solar system.
In general, go to the World turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And I really didn't even have any problem.
We're just in our present -- and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get up.
God knows that we don't make us the regions.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about the trust -- and I'm going to start to start to you the images that are on the conversation.
They are so communities that have become colleagues of our society.
I think they're three.
The first one is a record, there has been a great definition of trust -- it's a very genetic belief of it.
The second is a goal, we should have more conversation.
And the third is a task, we should be able to reduce the conversation.
I think the reality, the goal and the task is wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a table, which I think is a more clear idea about the issue.
First of all, why do people think the trust has done?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence -- I don't know the answer.
I'm going to try to think that there may be description in some activity or institutions that could have been used in others.
I don't have it.
But I can go back to the pressures of company, and the ones of compassion are actually the source of the belief that the trust has discovered.
When you look at the points in the time, you don't have many evidence of it.
And I mean, the people who found about 20 years ago -- and they are very excited and politics, they are still inspired the same designer.
And the people who were very excited about 20 years ago they are still very constantly, so they are dealing with death.
The rest of us are in the middle -- and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly half of a way.
But this is this enough enough?
And what you have to do is you remember they are of course, of course, operations.
What else can you remember?
What you look at is the genes that people are going to do when you do a certain question.
I trust in the policies? I trust in the states?
Now, if somebody would ask you, "Do you think about the really?
Considers in the pathogens?
Consider in the main states.
They probably started to ask me, "What do you do what?
And that would be a very serious answer.
And you could say, when you have told your question, "Well, I trust in some of them -- but in other no, but in other No.
What it's very quickly.
In fact, in the real life, we tend to deal with a different way.
We don't know that the level of trust that we are going to feel for a kind of organization, it works or kind of person -- it's going to be in all the case.
I could say, for example, to say that I trust it in a certain amount of food that I know to give you the kind of reading -- but in any way to build the high school.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good computer.
I could trust in my friend friend to keep a conversation to keep a conversation -- but no, maybe to get a secret for it.
simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the form of the way that the trust is difference -- why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about the trust in a more advanced way in a more advances more access in a more advances in a more advances in a more advances in a more advances in a more advances in a more
And I think the ones are very bad tools that are very bad to measure the real level of real trust -- because they try to look at the good rest of the fact that you can trust it in something or something.
Second, what about the object?
The goal is to have more conversation.
Audience: I think it's an amazing object.
This is not the goal that I would be.
I was going to have more trust in what it's going to do, but not what it is.
In fact, I am a particular thing to not trust what it's not.
And I think that those people who have been used with the very, very quickly called Mr. Mother, that then I did with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too constantly.
They have more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It considers definition or self-assembly with intelligence -- that's the right thing.
Once you tell it, you say, yes, it means that what it means in the first place is not the trust -- but the conversation.
So what it's about doing is to make a correct about how many people are the people in the particular development.
And I think that to be able to make a correct, we're additive to focus on three things.
Are they companies? Are they homes? Are they responsibility?
And if we found that one person is completely in the perfect materials and it's responsible and hospital, then we will have a very good reason to trust it in it, because it's going to be a consciousness of conversation.
But yes, by the way, they're not responsible -- we could not trust them.
I have friends that are complex and hospitals, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the correct, because they're public.
I have friends that are very sure that they can make certain things, but I see that they get their own computers.
And I got a lot of saying that I think I don't have a lot of friends that are full and responsibility but extremely strange.
If it's like that, I still don't have it.
But that's what we're looking for is what we're looking for.
The trust is the answer.
The trust is what we need to do.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades -- we've tried to build to build systems for all kinds of institutions for all kinds of individuals, and so that they made us easier the task to play their conversation.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect of it.
They don't work as they should work.
I remember one time I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the American role than the part of the particle.
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and individual, that the food system of how many of you are designed to reduce the context and the construction test is actually doing the opposite thing.
What they do is to build the work of the people who have to make them hard to make them difficult -- like the particles -- you have to be able to stop the streets, as we say.
You know that all of you know similar examples of it.
All of that, all of that, for the object.
I think the goal should be more considered -- and that things would be different if we try to be different of trust and we would bring people to the people that we are, and if we try to figure out if other people, works or political or political deaths are distributed of conversation.
It's not easy. It is the supply, the simple action.
First of all, the task.
It will call it the control to be able to recognize the control, put things back to the region.
And I guess that you and I should recognize the conversation.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can recognize a little bit.
We can do it if they're two people -- together, trying to improve the conversation.
But the trust -- it is available because we have the other people.
You can't recognize what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough enough so that they can trust you.
You have to be decentralized to trust it.
And that, of course, is because you can't get it, for all the people, all the time.
But you also need to be able to be able to make sure that you are designed to trust them.
How do I do that?
That is done in every day, it makes it all the way through the common people, the functions, the institutions -- the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple example example.
And I have the strength where I started my colleagues that I can tell you that I can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to give
And I get them up and get them out of the money, or I would change them by the color that I want to want.
That is structure. I trust them in them because they were taken back to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you go back to the other part of the other part of the other hand, that's a very good test of trust and you have trust in what you're saying about.
So at the end of the end, I think what we're looking at is not a very difficult thing to do.
So what people trust is in the relationships -- and at that way, you can figure out when and how the other person is a lot of conversation.
Thank you.
From the companies of computers we've been able to reduce the support between us, and the digital information between our material world and the world of the screen.
And this sequence has been recorded, increasingly and more and more and more and more and more that today is less than one miles -- the spirit of a typical screen and the power of information has become access to all.
But I asked me, and if there was no barriers?
I started to imagine how it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that comes into the digital space so that when the sentence is against the screen.
The designers can make their ideas directly in 3D -- and the researchers can be able to be able to be able to make them with the vision of the screen.
And so with this tool that you get the barriers.
But the two hands are still out of the screen.
How do you get to the interest and interact with digital information using all the distance of the hands?
And in the definition of scientific scientists of Michael, along with my mind Carolina British, and I brought the computer and brought a little space on the fear in a digital area of work.
It was going to be able to take a lot of deep care to detect the details and the face -- now you can get the hands out of the brain, to get to the inside of the 3D space, and they will take them directly with the hands.
As the window and the architects have a construction in the real space, you will tell them is as easy as a book of a state.
You can put the book and relate lines or words with the visual feeling that there is down to every single screen.
The architecture can be being able to be able to take their own directly with hands.
In these examples in these examples -- we put in the digital world.
And if we invented the parents and we make the digital information for us to come to us.
Secondly, many of us will have bought and survived things for the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
So what I have here is a virtual protection for the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a modern device in the head or transformative when the system is understanding your body.
If we take this idea more far away -- I thought, instead of just looking at the space in space, how can we make physics so that we can put them up and feel them and tell them about them and tell them about it?
How would it be a future this?
In the middle of the MIT with my Head Harvard and my College Roman Pole, we created this only physical piece.
So this African impact is shared as a physician in the space in space, what imagine that as much as the users can move the object to any place within this little traditional space.
Some Similar State, what we did was to send the group and control the movement of a magic community and measured and democracy and democracy.
And when you program the object -- we put it out of the time of time and space, what I mean is that human movements can go and go back and go back to the physical world.
You can teach a physical consequences and to the family of Michael Japan you can reduce as a physical reality.
The students can use it as a tool to understand a tool of the planets like the planets of the planet, the physics or the books or the textbooks or the textbooks -- this is a real experience and paradigm that you can play and feel that you can play and feel it's very powerful.
But what is more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to protect the world is going to change our favorite activity.
As you see, the digital information is not just to show us something but that will start to act directly about us as part of the physical world that we have to get us to get us from our world.
We started the talk of today talking about a bank, but if we go back to that bank, the only line that is in our imagination of it.
Thank you.
I was sent to turn it to you for two years in Tanzania, China, in the 1980s.
When I was in the first thing, the government wanted to transform a school for all the stages with all of the passionate specifically.
But my mother, I said, "No.
My parents wanted me to become engineering like them.
And then you can survive the cultural revolution of the cultural revolution that there was only a whole way to the happiness, a safe work and a safe work.
No matter if the work would like it or not.
But my dream was to be a number of China.
This was me, in my own picture.
And a lot of person has to start coming from very young people to learn the advances, so I tried everything that I could to go to school.
And so far I wrote to the scale of school and in a professional program program.
But none of them would take the idea.
None of them took me in a serious way.
I just got my friends -- but they were children, but they were children, like me.
So it was that the age of 15 years old, I knew it was too much more to get in.
My dream will never be done.
And so that for the rest of my life in my life of a second thing that was the only thing that could be able to do.
And this was so interest.
So I was going to look at the other thing.
No one to my around, I wanted to get it? Okay.
I remember the books.
(Audience company, "The Sandier of San State -- "The Higgs of National Harvard -- and I came to the United States in 1998, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were produced in China, of course.
"The Earth Earth is about the Chinese change.
And it's not proposing against it.
The Bill is interesting -- but it is extremely interesting.
That's a subject for another day.
But the question of me was a response, you will have a record to your father and your mother."
He said, "I said, "It's so different, and much better than the beautiful."
And so it became my tool to go out of this transportation of construction -- and to reduce the relationship with my parents to it.
And the focus with a new culture also gave me to my computer language to me.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning of this map that it seemed to me out of place because this is what the students in China learn about.
We had happened to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map is the perspective of people.
The computer law is not a new thing.
It's a common practice in the wrong world.
There are all the way up to the research of research as a computer relationship and full college.
It will be able to buy and control, it takes it to a more deep understanding of a issue.
And I thought that if the computer lesson works to be able to be able to be able to be able to do that why not do it also in the college life.
And so I started reading books of two of two books of two.
You can try to be a printer of Washington Frank -- "The Sandier Star of David Mars, which they were involved in the same submersible, or friends with shared experience.
For the crime, the tests are economics, political and special and hope.
For the British, they are all paradigms, and the solar and the social statement.
If you know another idea, it's also fun to read their favorite books in two minutes.
"The name of Chinese Mars Mars Mars Mars Mars Santa Santa Santa in the transformation, I found that you can make a lot of it.
For example, it's through the tradition that I realized that the death in China -- in China is a fundamental particles."
And nothing, in China, literally means "Now "Modera means."
The books came up with a magic door to connect with people from the past and the question.
I know it's not going to be just going to be used to be used to make sure that it was not going to be just going to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to make sure that you can not be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to
It will have a dream that is really not all compared to what a lot of other other people.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that you come up with the dreams of where the passion comes from.
So far a dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books -- that I'm here today -- happy to come back to the purpose and climate, most of the time.
So the books are always allowed.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 2010, I saw my first kind of paradigm.
And I was a distributed student in Berkeley in Berlinese.
She was a woman of 24 years called Alzheimer.
Audience went into the first sense of the first secret and a holiday -- I would go into the sun of my office and told me that I wanted to talk about their problems with the men.
When I heard this, I felt so fast.
My class of class had a piece like the first one.
And I gave me a sense that I wanted to talk about men.
I think I could do it.
But I didn't do.
And with the stories that Architecture was going to see the senses, it made me easy to move the head as we were going to get the solution.
"The transparency are the new sea, he said, "And so I said, she was right.
You start working later, you get home, it has children after the death happens later.
In order to look like American and I had time.
But I just went along with me, my husband would be asked to introduce the Archive to talk about their life.
I got it up.
I said, "Of course, it's coming down with the kinds of his head, it goes up with a black head -- but it's not like if I was going to walk with it."
And then my subject said, "I don't no, but maybe it goes out with the next one.
And also, the best time to work in the name of Alexander is before you go.
This is what paradigms call a moment "Mars."
It was when I realized that the three is not the new 20th.
Yes, people feel head after what it comes in, but this didn't make the 21st of Alzheimer's Architecture were a pathogen in his developing world.
So this made out the 20th of Afghanistan were the perfect moment and we were depended.
And so I realized that this kind of nice business was a real problem and it had real consequences and it had real contents and their life life but for the careers, the families and the future of all of the sides.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population -- or 100 percent if you consider no one came to the audience without getting before the 20th percent.
You get the hand if you're in their hands.
I want to see the search of here.
Oh, yeah, they're amazing.
If you work with searching, they love to a sea, I want to see the dream a sea, I want to see -- I want to see it -- it's good.
This is not just my option. These are the fact.
We know that 80 percent of the key moment.
This means that eight of each of every 10 decisions and experiences and experiments and moments -- which gives her life to have happened to when they have 30 and so on.
People from more than 40 -- they don't go into the planet.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an extraordinary impact on the amount of money that they will win it.
We know that over the middle of the Americans are carefully, they live or they're coming out with their future for 30 years.
We know that the brain ended up its second and the last stage of growth in their 24 and a half of them who means that if there is something that you want to change of itself, now is the moment to change it.
We know that the personal change changes more times for their two than any other moment of life and we know that the family family came to their table to the 24, and things are going to be complicated to the 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to education on your body and their own operations.
When we think about the child of the child, we all know that the first five years are critical for the language.
It's a moment where their life life and common has an impact in the person who will become a person in the person that will become a person.
But what we don't listen to is that there is something called the adult development and our two are a critical moment in the developing developing world.
But this is not what you see is what you are listening to.
The perfect talk about changes in the line of the time.
The researchers called the 2010 and a half percent.
The teachers were going to take them to the researchers like "The seasons as "The statements.
It's true.
As a culture -- we have considered a transformation that actually is the decade that it is actually the decade of the device.
Let me tell you that to get big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not right?
What do you think happens when they give you a video in the head and say, "You have other 10 years to start your life?
It's nothing happens.
They took it to that person the sense of evidence and his approach and not absolutely nothing.
And then all of the days or your children or their children and children came to my office and they say something like this, "I know that my name is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell me, but I just don't know. I'm just seeing time."
Or they say, "You all say that as you get a career before the 30 -- everything will be good."
But then it starts to sound something like this, "I am going to end up and I still don't have anything to show you.
I was better the day that I came from the universe."
And then it starts to sound something like this, my colleagues during the age of the streets were like the game of the room.
They all run up and they get up, but then in some time around the top of the 30 -- it took the music and everybody started to sit on.
I didn't want to be the only one that would be standing on, so sometimes I think I came up with my wife because he was the most expensive room when I was 3.3 percent.
Where are the virus here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little strange -- but you don't know, the risks are very strange.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1980s, there is a huge pressure to the treatment and so many of them to start a city, you will get a city, to get a particle, and have two or three children in a much more short period of time.
A lot of these things are not complex, and there are researchers that start to show you, which is much more difficult and straight to do everything in one time.
The crisis of the military age is not trying to buy a little bit of it.
It's about realize that you can't have the career that you want now.
I realize you can't have the child who you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your children.
A lot of trust.
I want to change what you are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called England.
And at the age of the age of the age of my office because I was in their own words, having a critical crisis.
He said that I would like to work on the art or in the environment, but it still couldn't say, so I spent the last few years working as a mouse.
And as it was a bit later, I lived with a news that I showed you more temperature than the antibiotics.
And despite to live a few very difficult life, their life has been even more difficult.
And I was able to get up in our neighbors -- but then you get it out of the same to say, "You don't get your family -- but it can get their friends."
Well, one day Ellen came up his head on their legs and clean for almost all the time.
I used to buy a new piece of distribution, and he had spent all the morning, and he had spent all the morning, but then it was looking at the blood space that comes after the words of the words of the words, please called the call."
I was at the point of the story when I saw me and said, "What will be going to be for me if I have a college access to me.
Who is going to take me if you give me cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work and not to say, "Hey.
What Elizabeth needed was not a secret that was really worried about.
And I needed a better life, and I knew that this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot of that I worked with American and just to just feel as the decision of Electric was going on.
So during the next few weeks and months I said to electricity three things that all of us, man or woman, you get to know.
First of all, I told him that I would forget that from that crisis of identity and it will be able to identify it.
And by the way, I mean to do something that comes back to their person.
You do something that is a research in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Earth, and no one knows the future of the work, but I know this -- and I know this -- it's able to be able to be able to be able to come out of it.
So now it's the moment for that work of the other side of the country, from that company that you want to test it.
I'm not looking at the experience -- I'm looking at the explanation that I should not tell you -- that by the way, is not explain -- by the way, is not explain to you.
It's productive.
I told him that I would explore work and I would tell them to tell them.
Second, I told him that the urban transportations are survival.
The best friends are experienced to take it back to the restaurant, but the results that go up with friends with a little bit of who you know, what you know -- what you know, how you think about, how do you think about it, and where they work.
That new piece of capacity -- that new person with who will go out of almost it comes out of the outside of his own career.
The new things come from what they call the friends of friends of their friends.
Yeah, half of them have a bad work or they don't have work.
But the other half of them no, and the distribution is the way that it is the way that you get to this group.
The half of the job works are never going to go together, then you know the boat of your blood is the way to get a job not political.
It's not going to do it. It's the science of how information is going on.
On the last but not less important -- except that you don't get your family, but I know their friends.
So this was true when I was growing up, but as a visit, Elizabeth would be able to get his family -- when I have a piece and form their own family.
I told him the time that the time to get his family had come up.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel that the 20 or even the 25 and I'm going to get with you.
But I will get to the person that you live now or you get you right now when everyone in Facebook start to walk to the street is not process.
The best time to work in your mother is before you have it, and that means to be as interested in love as you are in the work.
You can get your family to be a aware of who and what you want instead of just to work or kill time with who it is that you get them to you.
So what happened with Elis?
Well, we went back that directly -- and she found the company of a first one that worked in a art of art in another state.
So this little distribution helped him to get a work there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the way that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it is a special space of events in the museum at all.
This guy with a man who came up with it.
I love his new career -- I love his new family -- and I got a letter that he said, "You know, the species of education are not enough.
The story of European can be easy, but that's what I love to work.
It's very easy to help you.
The wind is like adults that come out of the subjects of the Bells, who come out of the subject.
Just before the star, a little block in his transform makes the difference between the difference between Alaska or in Fini.
In the same way, and at the same way, and even at the age of 25 and even 24 and even 24, a good television, a good TED talk can have enormous effects in the next few or even in the next few years.
So here is my idea that I think of all the lives that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alabama.
It's what I have now is what I have is the beginning to tell you about the principles like Elizabeth, the treatment is not the new 2000, they get their ability to get their education, they use their heads -- they use their distribution towns, they put your family.
They don't let me decide what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're saying their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 24 years old, I left a very successful work in the general control for a job that was even more extraordinary, the discovery.
I was going to teach you materials to stars in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher -- and as any professional, I was able to be experienced and tests.
I gave you to them.
And when the work comes back.
What I called the attention was that the Chinese was not the only difference between my best students and my worst students.
Some of the ones who had a better decision they didn't have any Chinese points.
Some of my most intelligent kids was not going to be so good.
And that took me to think about it.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in terms of sensitive, safe -- they are difficulty, properties, telescopes, the area of a particular.
But these colleagues are not impossible and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they work hard and during enough time.
After several years more than several years ago, I got to the concept that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a moral perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the best way.
It's the CO2, but what if you have success in school, and in the life depends in a lot more than the ability to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn how to learn
So I left the cars and I went to the universe to turn it into particular.
I started studying kids and experiences in all kinds of distribution stations, and in every study my question was, who has success here and Why?
My research team and I went to the Millennium Millennia Park.
And we tried to predict what you can get in the military international and who they would get up.
And we went to the National World and we try to predict what kids will be able to get the most possible thing in the computer.
We study the normal teachers working in a really difficult thing, and what teachers are still trying to be taught for the end of the school and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students of their students.
We get us with private companies -- asking you, what about these researchers are going to keep their way out of the word work?
And who is going to make more money.
And in all of those very different context -- it came up with a career as an important impact of the success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good approach, the physical health and it was not the CO2.
It was democracy.
The definition is passion and personal to take a very long piece of a long time.
The definition is to be responsibility.
The definition is to go to their future, day after day, not only for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The definition is to live life as if it was a mouse, not a car at all.
A few years ago, I started to study the definition in the public schools of China.
I asked them to thousands of school students that they did with me and then wait around one year to see who they were going to look like.
It turns out that the children had a little bit more likely to have a little bit of death, even when they put them in every square that I could measure -- things like the family international, the results of the station statistics, even the security they feel the kids when they were in school.
So not only is in Washington Pole or in the National National World in the device in the device -- it's also in school, especially for the kids in risk to address it.
For me, the most important thing about democracy is the little bit we know -- the little thing you know about the science about its development on it.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the democracy in the children.
What should I do to teach kids a little bit of work?
How do you put them through the long place?
The highest answer is, I don't know.  So what I know is that the car doesn't give them democracy.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of individual individuals that are simply not going to get up with their companies.
In fact, in our data -- the democracy is not related or it's even related to the media of the stage.
So far, the best idea I've heard about development in the kids is something called a professor called creativity.
This is a developed idea in the University of Santa Francisco, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not the financial, that it can change with the force.
The Department.
So the amount of growth is a great idea to develop democracy.
But we need more.
And that's where I end up to end my discovery, because that's where we are.
That's the work that we have for death.
We need to take our best ideas, our most strong institutions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if you've been successful and we have to be willing to be willing to fall, and we are going to start to start all of new with the lessons learned to them.
In other words, we need to be democratic about making our kids are more democratic.
Thank you.
I grow in Saturn as the daughter of a carbon, one of my most successful resources.
From that moment, I was wonderful by this incredible language.
But for a surgery, it seems to be as well.
In the last few years, I've been asking you if I can do this music, so that you want to understand that I want to understand and learn the beauty of this idea that I can do it.
I started thinking about how a new piece of learning could be able to be useful to be.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw every one of them to draw each of them in the right way.
I learned new cars every day for the next 15 years.
Because we only have five minutes -- it's better than we do it in a more fast way and simple way.
A Chinese architecture is going to understand 20 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic approach.
The first 200 percent will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read serious signals -- to understand the basic idea of the basis or the periods.
I'm going to start with eight to show you how it works.
Are you like?
They open their mouth as much as you can be able to be able to be constantly.
They get a battery.
This is a person who is going to give a countries.
person.
If the form of the fire is a person with arms in both side, as if I was shaped in the front way, "So I'm going to be a computer, "The subject of the way, but I like to believe that it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
right?
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The language.
The door of the door looks like a couple of patterns of a stage in the old point.
And I call these fisheries to these eight careers.
They are benefits of building to create a lot of them.
A person.
If somebody walked back, that's "sure."
As the ancient said, both of them are companies -- three are completely moral.
If one person was going to be their arm -- this person is saying it was a big stuff.
The person within the back, the person is active.
It's a private, such as John within the battery.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a book.
Three trees together, we also have the book.
They put a ball under the tree -- we have the city.
They put a ball on the tree -- that's a display,  -- a transformation to remember -- because a tree is going to be a pretty idea.
Do you remember the face?
Two cars together, it becomes very quickly.
Three games together, that are a lot of calls together.
They put the fire under the two trees that is to take it down.
For us, the sun is the source of the program.
Two solutions together together, I think.
Three together, those are death.
They put it into the sun and the basic mountain together, that's the battery.
It also means morning, after one day and a night.
The sun came out on the horizon. They are all going to go out of it.
A police players a street within the door -- is the car of the door is the correction.
They put a battery inside the door to make questions.
I mean, there is someone at home.
And this person is coming out of a door of a door -- starting a painting.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're described.
Three women together together, they have carefully access.
So we've already spent for almost 30 minutes.
By using this method -- the first radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight cars will build other 32 percent.
So with every little effort -- will be able to learn a couple of careers -- which is the same thing I learned a eight years old.
So after you know, we started to create freedom.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a game. It's a video.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun single.
This is a sun with the organization, because Japan is at this of China.
And so a sun together on the original, we created Japan to it.
A person behind Japan, what do we do?
A personal person.
The left to the left are two mountains a single single on the other.
And in the China, that meant in experience, because the Chinese companies would take their political employees out there in the mountains.
Today, the experience has become going out.
A battery that tells them where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking to you and go out of it. Thank you.
And what I think about being paper is the film that I come to see.
I love to share my favorite movies with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the map of voice together.
The film has his imagination for months for months.
His favorite character was Galapago, of course.
He gave him a good thing to use a brilliant version and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary to you.
Now we live and we grew up our children in a kind of computer computer species of an individual space.
However, the map of heard was a control in itself.
It didn't start that trend out.
The trend really took a lot of years later -- constantly, another film whose protections, a genetic girl and a piece of mental girl and a piece of particular child as a surgery of the energy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two film, there are a couple of different differences between the map of voice and all the film we see today.
One is that there is very little violence in the map of OC.
The monkeys are pretty surprised, like the markets.
But I think if the map of heard is doing today, the map would say, "Hey, you are the speed of heard as the product would be prepared.
You use a magic shoes to be able to detect the battery of the battery based on the battery of the battery based.
But that's not what happens.
Another one of the only one of the one is that the most horrific characters is that the most horrific characters and even visions are women.
I began to notice this when I did to look at my son, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a daughter children.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the project because it still was very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of subjective had gone down --  -- and so it was dependent in the room and I was involved as a mom with their own behind and I don't think he understood what was going on, but I don't think of what was going on, but I was able to get it up.
I ask me what it is.
It would be value of value and leadership and leadership?
Do you have the sense that Lego is a stream to determine the government?
So let's take this with the Mars Mars Mars.
How do you win your film her film?
They do good metaphors with all and being a leader.
It's the kind of world in which I want my kids to create one, and it's not a world of men who get them, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force campaign -- force in the movie for our children, and so little from the way of the career states.
There is a lot of freedom on the impact of the mobile violence in the kids, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids are going to get this structure.
And I know that the last law is not going to put me out of the question that I would have been going to do to make the world in the world of the adults that are mission.  I think in the time of the first beauty, I really hope that the creatures would start to be able to start because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has gone in, I have news.
Why do you go out there?
I don't know what I should do.
The film are going to be able to go into the window and get their responsibility, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost as if you have to be a child, you have to be a solar animal -- and if you're a girl -- you have to use a war.
There are a lot of experts -- and let me give you the principles of Dick before any of you.
But they send a message to the children, even though these guys are not really their goal public public one.
They do a fundamental job to teach kids how to deal with the paper, but they don't necessarily show the kids how to stop the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and construction like House and Kanzi, but they don't stop to be war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all of the time against all of the time, every single one of them on the college of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who make a child.
until a lot of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
You get it to all of you -- it's already available at all.
Do you remember what he said the critical when I came out of it?
I can't believe that Paris has made a film of a beginning.
It's very good. They don't let the desert."
Well, almost none of these film is the test of Berlin.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
There has been no reasons, and it's no longer presentation, but maybe today we start a movement.
The Shanghai British is a characterize of cells, and at the middle of the years, I had a conversation that had had with a friend on the evidence of the film that they see.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that you should do -- in the film -- there are more than a phenomenon that has lines?
So you have to take the resources out.
These women talk to each other in some point of the film?
Their conversation are about something else of the girl than so much of you like that?  All right.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things between each other.
And I've seen it -- and I have seen it very quickly I see it in the skin we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality of a very good quality family.
Right?
It's probably not the test of Berlin.
And I don't think that I should be, because a lot of the film -- I don't know if you've seen it -- a lot of the film in a street where men and women are focused on the crisis of the responsibility.
We have a lot of men who have a lot of men who have a deep control and doctors in this room, and it's the great time for one of the things to be able to get a look at the door and say, "You come to the car, right?
This is Hollywood.
So you look at the numbers.
In 2010, in the 100 feet of the most popular movie -- how many of them think they have photos from fish programs?
Okay. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women that we have come back for the Connectic, then it's good.
But there's a bigger number that is going to tell this room.
Last year, the New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one of five women says that it's been surprised to stay in your life.
I don't think it is the color of the massive international.
I don't think the film for kids have something to do with that.
And I don't think that the video videos of music or police are straightforward, but something else, and when I hear that strategy -- one of the things I think is that there is a lot of sexual approaches.
Who are those guys? What are those things?
So what don't you get to learn to learn to learn about it?
They are taking the story that says the role of a male man is to reduce the violence with violence and then to get the responsibility, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talking about?
We are able to add that story story.
You know, like a father with the beginning of creating a daughter like those of you who are doing the same world, we found this world and this very high state and we want to give them up to them.
So we have tools to our device as you can put it out, and we hope that that helps it -- but I have to ask you to be able to protect them whether at the same time, and the same time, we are excited to our kids so that they keep their motor model?
I mean, I think the list of New York is a way to do something really important -- and here I really mean to the parents, and I mean to the parents here.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of men.
The definition of music is changing directly change.
You will have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the adventure.
Everything is changing it.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character was to be his favorite character of Santa David what I remember?
The Wall.
The Kenya Kenya and Galapago.
What do you have in common these two.
Maybe it's not just the wrong thing.
I think they are experience.
I think these are the two people in those film that you know more than nobody -- and I love to share their knowledge with other people to help them get their potential to help them.
They are leaders them.
I like that kind of stories for my son, and I like that kind of stories for my children.
I want more stories like that.
I want to say to my son, and I just want to tell my son, and I just have a little bit more stories where their work is to go to a team -- maybe a team leadership for women, help other people to improve and will be better people, like the map of OC.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Mars and one of the things that I was looking at was to look at me to look at them in the cost of Mars because my parents told me that I would give me.
But you know, it's hard to find these contents.
They are covered and it's hard to see them.
However, with the time, I would take you to look at them.
I started to see ways and patterns who helped me to tell me them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying experience, I realized about my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly in European, my little pilot in Mars had grown up to one of almost 300 miles a year to the Bourney.
And my mom had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what I took me to use similar images to me.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrastructure.
This is a playing place in the outside of European called Berlin.
And the place, in the same time, it seems to be moral, but when we use the infrastructure and we put it up to the photographer and we put it into the place of the place that you can see as a big restaurant.
What you're looking at is the real chemical changes of the paradox by the property of the building and the activity of the ancestors and the activity of the electrical environment.
I want to share with you how we have used the blood data to find a computer college call, called "The Stanford, lost for thousands of years.
Audience: It was the capacity of the English European for more than 400 years in a period of time called the measure of a time called four years ago.
The place goes up in the Facebook English, and it is really important because in the Middle East, there was this great speed of the ancient art art and religion and record.
The electricity has always known that Steven was used in some place about the periods of the two areas that they built them into the roots of the red here, but in some place within this huge piece of air.
This area is huge -- and it is a huge approach of 150 percent.
Before the Blue step right at the side of South Anderson: and as I changed with the time, and he went up to the time, and I built all the city.
So how do you find a single city in a strange stranger?
I'm trying to find it out the equivalent to be the equivalent to look at a hole in a parent, with the eyes.
So we use data data of NASA to make a map of the place, with very sophisticated change.
We were able to see where it was the classroom.
But you can see, and it is even more interesting -- this area is more interesting -- this area literally supported that it looks inside the car here, which we thought it could be the construction of the State.
So we went up with the scientific scientists doing it -- you can see it here.
When I say that, it's like the takes of shows in ice -- but instead of a climate change of climate change -- we look at human population.
five feet down, under a giant layer of it, we found a different amount of characteristic objects.
So this means that in this possible construction of State, five feet below -- we have a field of several hundreds of years of years that come from the Middle East, exactly the same period that we think is America.
And we also find a little bit of dog, color, collecting and galaxy, which shows that there was a stream of the shoe.
This could seem to seem to be not a lot, but when we think about the most common people in the middle of the Middle East, these are the pieces that they were used with.
So we have a piece of compassion that goes from the Middle Institute in this place.
We also have an evidence of a piece of line that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Australia here, but we will go back to the place in a critical future to take it.
And even more important -- we have the resources to capture young people in the use of the blood technology so that they can also be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Institute in the middle of the middle -- I was probably written in South 100 years ago.
So to share knowledge is most of all of the computers.
There's nothing like that in Earth.
And so it looks like it was not the United States in experiments.
It makes the ideas that were actually going to actually have been started in experiments.
You can certainly put the search of market colors in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to introduce you to the eyes.
It comes out of thinking about the door of the house.
I want you to get attention to the color of the door -- the material that it's done.
Now you look at a group of new business in biological.
They are sharing in a note car of biologists and they are in the direction to their own pollution.
I need to look at this really true.
They are losing strong -- they're supposed to go out a lot.
And they get out of front of your house.
There are biological biologists around all of the parts that are going on to the side of the streets that end up in the streams that ended up in the statement of the police, they put it out of the police.
At the time, or what you have to the other side of the door -- and you look at the quality of light -- and you look at the quality of the light.
It's healthy with the hand.
From his chair -- on a room.
It's a story I talked about.
You can feel his blue role by making them in the nature.
You can put the quality of anti-market and countries that are about to move in the battery.
They go through one side and go into his room to be.
It's already in the room, and making use of their imagination -- imagine the British States.
This is a little bit of reading, based on his center in the center of the center of the center -- saving "Here Mars Mars.
Now I'm going to go to the college.
And the ground has been I remember with a way of male stars and from the time they come up to you, the name of David -- the Harvard of Mars and the message of "The Mars of "The Mars, shaped out of the hands of the hands.
Okay. They get the eyes.
I want to tell you about a little bit of performance that was taken up every day in New York City.
It's called the Medical Mars of the United States.
I went to cover this experiment about a few years ago as a scientific perspective, hope that this was like the end of a subject of knowledge.
There were several men and a few days of different ideas and different discoveries of hero.
They were taking hundreds of nuclear numbers -- you will look just one time.
They have the name of tens and tens of extraordinary.
And they were able to be able to put them in just minutes.
They eat to see who could be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to measure the order of a battery bank.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people have to be familiar of nature.
And I started talking to some of the computer.
So this is a man called the Congo who had come from England and that has one of the best metaphors better.
I asked him, "Oh, when do you realize that you were a know?
I said, "I am not a know.
I actually have a average memory memory here.
All of us who are part of this computer say that they have a normal metaphor.
We have brought us to take these military act of using these microscope artists using a lot of metals by using a few years ago -- and the same techniques that used to be able to deal with their designers, and that the media architects used to deal with the bottom books.
And my reaction was, "Oh, how did I have heard about this before?
We were sitting out of the computer of the computer, and I mean, who is a wonderful English and basic English -- even though a little bit, he said, "John -- you are a American person.
You know British States?
And I said, what? No, Why?
Because I would like to teach you to British Street how to deal with the order in a living bank in life, in a national terms.
That would test the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britain Sea, but maybe you can show me.
Or, you have to start for something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
And I ended up spending most of the year next year not only to understand my memory but also trying to understand how it works work, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be your potential as well.
I met a lot of people really interesting.
This is a man called EDI.
He is very, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem.
Something incredibly typical -- but it was a window that allows us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
In the other end of the species I met this man.
This is King Pennsylvania. In him, he was based for the role of David Hans in the film "The Mars Mars.
So we spent a couple together in the public violence of San Laborarization Chinese, measured freedom streets, it was constantly.
And when you go back -- I read a amount of treatment on the middle of the written -- something more than 2,000 years ago, in the Antarctica and then in the Middle age.
And I learned many really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things that I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having international memory and collective was not just as fast as you can look like today.
It makes a long time ago, people are interested in their memory -- to be able to get their mind.
These techniques have done our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed. And I would say that they have changed.
As almost we don't have any need to remember, sometimes it seems that we have moved how to do it.
One of the last places in our planet in where they still find by this idea of a measured memory and developing and cultural and cultural is this business as well.
It's actually not so slowly, there are companies like this all over the world.
I was failing, I wanted to know how they do these people.
A few years ago, a group of the University of the University of London, I came to a group of memory campaigns, the lab.
They wanted to know -- will be going to have brains in some way, structure or a different and different rest of the rest of us.
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest of the rest
And they gave them a color of cognitive technically, and the answer was actually not.
There was no yet, a really interesting difference between the brains of the memory of memory and the control of control of control with them to buy them.
When they put them in a machine machine machine. They had their brains as they were measuring the numbers -- and they found out and forms of new colors -- they found that in the memory companies of the brain, different parts of the brain.
In effect they used to be used -- or they seem to use a part of the brain that would be involved by space and completely manufacturer.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
And the correct of complex memory is being used as a career career in where every year comes up with a new way to remember more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the computers have to put the day.
This is my friend Bangladesh Prize, three times they are completely changed.
In his structure -- I front to him -- there are 3D barriers that he is going to try to deal with an hour -- using a techniques that he invented and just hit it and just hit it.
He used a similar technology to deal with the order of the 1980s, which is the early pressure of 1970 planets and strange forests.
In a half a hours. Yeah.
And while there is a great amount of ways to remember things in these companies -- absolutely all of the things used to the end of a single concept that paradigms call "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity called "the electricity
It looks like a little bit like the particular paradox, like the particle "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The same -- I say to two people who remember the same word -- I tell you that there's a man called Bangalogro."
That is his standard.
And then I asked them to ask them that there's a battle base."
And when I go back later, and I asked you the word that I told you a room?
Do you remember what was it?
The person that he told him that his name is Boston is a little likely that I remember the same word that the person was told that his work is based."
The same word, different ability to remember -- that is true.
What happens here?
Well, the name is no one for you. It doesn't have any relationship for you.
And with all of the other resources that make their head.
But the word, basically. We know paradigms.
They use white simple substance.
They have in the hands.
They get good when they come home to work.
We probably know a little bit.
And when we looked at that word for the first time, we started to put a little bit of a specific statement to be able to put them in some time.
One of the most exciting techniques to do this data to do this data in the U.S.
You know like the "participant?
The story says that, there was a little bit called Sea Seconds to a battery.
They had told it as a control, because before you wanted to give a very good face, it's not going to go to a DNA, it was connected to a police.
He went out of it, he came out of the method of memory -- and he went up, and so it was sure, and so soon it was, the survey of the bank will be collecting.
They're going to get each other.
But not only to all of them all over the way, but it describes the body boards of the bones.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting in.
So they couldn't understand the body.
A grandmother behind the other.
They were sitting outside -- in the middle of the states, and I realized the eyes and I realized that with the eyes of their mind, I could see where it had been sitting in every single one.
And I took the families of the hand taking them where they were their beings who were going to be in the stars.
And what you see in that moment is something that we all know about that moment is something we all know more or less interest, and it's not good if we are not good to remember the name or number of phone -- or influences of our colleagues -- we have the visual memory and social space.
If I asked you to get to me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Seattle, it's very likely to make it very hard to do it.
But I would tell you that if you ask you to tell you who was sitting on the room to put it out of the shoe -- they would be able to see it.
The idea of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember -- the more you want to remember -- and the short and so on.
This is a context that comes from more than 2,000 years ago, at the first three years of memory at all.
And how does it work?
So let's say that you have been invited by TED state to give a talk and you want to do it -- the same way that I had done if you would have done it if they had been invited to TED 200 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that they're in the door of his house.
And I will figure out some sort of picture of an amazing image and institutional and institutional to help us remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely international computer.
And then you can imagine in his house and see the Mountain of the Galapagos moving on Michael Earth.
And that would remember that they want to introduce their friend Chinese Congo.
And then they looked at Broadway Sea to remind you that thank you that you want to tell you to tell you.
And then they go into the color, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that extraordinary journey that they did for a year, and they have some friends so that they help them get to it.
So this is how the results are going to measure their diseases, not word for words, which is going to be able to turn it up, which is transformed by transformation.
In fact, the term the term comes from the grandmother -- which means "Leadership."
It's a view of when people thought about the beginning, and in the relationship with this kind of space terms of the space of space.
The first player is going to be like the first place in his memory of memory particular.
I saw that this was just fantastic, and I got it out of it.
I went to some of these memories and I had the idea to write something exactly about this software of complex metaphors.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory of memory is a particular event event.
In fact, it's like looking at a lot of people who are having a lot of people -- I mean, that the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is going to get the front up.
I'm a period and I need to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in your place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes all the morning, before I would like to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem -- or the name of a high school anti-market started in a market market.
And I found out that this was substantially international.
You have heard that it is.
It was interest, because it was not just going to get the metaphor.
What is actually trying to do is better and more the ability to create and imagine these red images -- carefully, profits, institutions, surgery, surgery and influence engineering in the eye of the mind.
I was pretty excited about this.
And this is me, using my team to be able to be able to get into the media of memory computer.
It is a couple of organisms and a couple of security security cars just left only two holes because the distance is the worst evidence of a metaphor of medicine.
And I ended up going back to the same thing that I had covered a year before, I had the idea that I could get in a kind of particular experiment.
I thought this could be a good place for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment.
And I got the control, something I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's listening to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to measure them, and you need to buy -- but this is actually not the point.
These are just a little bit of transparency.
Because they're based on very basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not need that they put them out of the memory or to make sure that they are able to build a little bit of national -- to be able to get a little bit of a piece about how their mind.
And we are talking about people with a great memory as if you try to get an incredible day, but it's not the case.
The big memory are wrong.
At the most basic level of the most basic level, we remember when we put attention down.
So we remember when we have a deep problem.
The passion of memory -- these pieces of memory -- are just activists.
In fact, they are not even able to be true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep process -- a kind of complete attention.
But the reality is that there's no activists.
This is how things are going on.
And if there is something that I want to leave you today is what I want to leave you today is that I could not even remember that I had a memory problem, I left to me, which is the notion that life is the size of our resources.
How much are we willing to lose what we have to lose from what it is that we have to be able to lose in the Berlines or shows, not paying attention to us in front of us, who walk to our side. We will be so headed that we don't even get us to protect in property?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredibly amazing memory in all of us.
But if you want to live a mental life, you need to be the kind of person that I remember remember it.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue -- so we will take just a whole place -- New Joseph.
Because about 30 years ago, I am a nine years old, I was six years old, and I lived there at home of my parents in a village called London, and this was my child.
In the room, from my wife, I was the baby that I share with my sister with my brother with me.
And I was between my dragon and the bank, there was a battery that was going to be the room.
And there all of you were looking at the transformation looking at it. So every time I was going from my room to the bank, all of you saw me, and every time I went up and put me back in a color, all of you see me.
And I was like this.
It was a strength, it was surprised and I did.
I heard that remember, I hate that room -- I hate that room and that house.
That's the architecture of it.
Let me show you.
Those feelings that I felt -- that is the power of architecture -- because architecture is not about mathematics -- because architecture is not about mathematics, but of those visual conditions that we feel in the places that we come in.
And it's not going to feel that we feel that way, because I went back with the American University of environmental Project  the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under time.
Or the 90 percent of the time we're surrounded from architecture of the time.
That's a lot.
And the architecture is going to get us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little bit and very, very likely and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what they expect, you think about "Consumers," they think of "down."
And I know that they think about it for a building building in a building built about 200 years ago for the groups.
This is a transformation.
It is a challenge that uses the architecture to create an emotional connection with the ways that we built our building.
It's an emotional connection -- we've used this term since a lot of a lot of time.
We use it 200 years ago to build bars.
We use it in the 21st century, to build artists of art.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build home.
You look at them, these solar soldiers -- survival, front in the sea around the electricity.
This is very, very useful because it will build things is a stranger.
It is constantly, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
And the people who build the normal and the governments and the governments are always fear to the innovation. And they will always use ways that you know they're going to work.
So we found us with buildings like this.
It's a building.
This is the Photoshop Policity in my national city, and you know, it has a climate, it has a climate, it has this kind of thing -- and you know, it has a red thing, which let me figure out what Lesters are trying to communicate with this building -- the kids -- the children, the values of production, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a biology today.
That same year, in 2007, on the other side of the country, you end up another biology, which looks like this.
It's in Second.
This biology shows how we use the media media in the digital age, in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public team for the city -- a place to get up, read and share it.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings -- both of them -- both of them are so completely different different diseases.
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the planet.
In one side is the innovation -- the architecture that they are aware of new technology, new technologies -- new solutions for the form of current life.
We carry and let's take it so much of us -- and we put us completely from people.
All of a black -- this makes us believe that we feel very well, but we're dead by inside because we don't have another choice.
We need to go to the other side and go back to them with those similar substance.
So we do it, and we are all happy -- but we are sitting as a transportation, and we are starting to experience the police of back to the back and over and over again, we have done it in the last 300 years, and of course, it's in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we went from the 1980s.
The architecture were used to experience with the death design."
It has to do with the disease.
And that can be done.
You see small versions, in high school.
Something really hard.
And so we went back to the 1980s, and we started to get those substance.
We put the door in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that we like and we take them.
And we were able to get and we were able to use and we use new materials and we use new materials and we use new materials together.
I love you.
We don't give up.
We took the Arabic Arabs and we put them into cars, that you can be able to be able to be made of video.
The way they get up, they would make it up in audience and color.
The environmental became collective.
They grew up to the size of the building.
One language.
But they were the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the challenge in the commercial centers we move to the barriers, and there in the subjects, we can create our own architecture factors.
Those families could be to the media, to the front or the transportation.
It can be able to be in a paradigm of paper.
This is what happens to the policy.
So this is what happens to the subjects.
They are easy, because instead of creating new spaces -- we get resources from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that this is not the Taliban.
This is Ohlah.
And the architecture are sentenced and we started to make the power back in the other direction.
In the last few and at the early time, we started to experience with the developing device.
We take the stories -- we are now going to get with new levels of design design, and we found us with new computers, a few ways that are stars against other ways.
This is acceptable and embryonic, and it is supporting -- and you can be completely experienced.
Unfortunately, the police is going to be able to put it back into the right direction.
But then, it happened.
In 1998, you get this building.
This is the George of Bill, from Frank George.
This building changed the relationship of the world with architecture with architecture.
Paul Google said that Bill was one of those tools when you grow up, and they were a general police in general, they were completely going on a building.
The New York New York Times called this military building.
The transportation in Bill came in a 2,000 percent when the building.
So suddenly the whole world wanted one of those buildings -- the News, Shakespeare, New York, College, College, South State.
All the world wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first stars.
But how is it possible that these forms and thank you, how is it possible that you can become the points around the world?
And it happened because the media came back to them and we quickly learned that those ways that these ways they mean and college.
We've created an emotional reaction with these ways.
And the same thing they did is the main principles of the world.
So they all believe that if they had these ways -- they had culture and college.
So this phenomenon of the new middle of the new military country with other stars with other stars in the ground.
And I went to Lake and Liberia, and what happened with these few feet in the middle of the new military, in fact, actually began to spend with all the architecture -- the digital media started to increase the speed of the information.
You think, for example, how do you get architecture as well.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have been walking up to the next village to see a building.
The transition is accepted, you can take a bank, a analogy, you can be corrective.
The advanced technology, you can see in the periods, in the film, and at the end, we all are antibiotics of architecture -- and the building gets beyond their physical surgery.
The architecture is all over the right now, that means that the speed of the communities has finally taken the speed of architecture.
Because architecture is moving so quickly.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
You need a long time to build a building to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architecture can design two or 100 more buildings before you want to do four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good relationship in the architecture of it.
This is how we found with buildings like this.
The barrier was not a two years old, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we didn't have any idea how much they want them.
That will never be going to happen. Because we are in the top of the most revolution in the architecture from the ants of the ants of the ants from the antibiotic, and it's the revolution of the media.
My theory is that when you apply the power to the media of communicate media -- it starts to be in both of us to be in both of us to be in both of us -- and it is designed by the difference between innovation.
Now we can make them pretty much institutions, with an emotional amount of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works.
We were connected to hold this building that was invented.
This is the center of a village called Pink Paulout in the state of New York.
It's a community community.
But that meant that two years before it would end up the building -- it was part of the community -- and as the doctors are exactly to the productive product -- there was no survival.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer -- when people started to be able to get and share it in social media -- the building stopped to be just a building, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made from the building.
And then you use the use to tell their story, they become part of the personal nature, and that makes together with the collective memory -- and when you get these substance, we learn them.
I mean, we don't need to tell us that groups tell us how to think about the architecture of it.
We can tell us what we think about architecture -- because digital media don't only have changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the building.
Think about a second in those biological biologists.
If that building is built today, first we would go to the Internet.
We would be basic with example examples of experiment, of innovation.
That is medicine.
Many people who can take the approach of London, and to tell people that there are no unique answer to what it can be a biology today.
Let's be part of this.
This ability of solutions gives the freedom of experiment.
It's all different now.
The architecture are already not those things that are used to use a little bit of wonderful -- and you use it -- and you're not a public public that doesn't apply something that has seen before.
The architecture can listen to you, and you don't let me go into the architecture.
That means that the simplicity of a star to each other, of a movement to each other.
In fact, we can continue to go up and find solutions to the problems that face society.
This is the end of the story, and it means that the buildings of the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
So this means that a public space in the city city of Seattle can be only and additional to the middle of a modern city.
So this means that a study in British can be that, a study in Britain, and not a bad human story of the basis in ideas of what it should be a state.
This means that some robots can build our buildings because we finally are ready for the ways that are going to produce it.
And that means that buildings are going to take out of nature of nature and not at all.
So this means that a piece of attention in Michael Beach, Florida, it can also be to make it to make it out or for it, or even you can go out there in the night.
So this means that three architecture can be in the New York Rome in New York, and it will recognize half a million dollars of the community of the cause of that cause -- it's no longer a single one.
It means that no building is too small for innovation -- like this little piece of researchers, as well as the animals that are going to look at it.
Because it's no matter if it's a value or a robot who built our buildings to build our buildings in it.
It doesn't matter how we build what we build is what we build is what we build about.
The architecture already know how to make the more exciting buildings and more impossible.
We've been waiting for all of you.
And finally, we are not at all.
They find an architecture -- control and work together to make better buildings for a better world, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only get our society, but they give them a way to the most small spaces -- the local benefits where we form our children, and the step of the doctor to the bank.
Thank you very much.
This is my submersible, Sun.
I used to take a year and I started to walk out.
And it makes it out of that great way, typical of the children of a year, as if your body was moving too fast for their legs for them.
It is totally present.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the species.
She really love her record.
It goes up and chicken, and it gives themselves that big biologists and monkeys.
It's beautiful.
Now, all of their friends do this and my mom realized that I used to do it, and he made me think, when do I stop doing this?
How is it that we are not going to do with our approach?
Because we don't like it, we don't like it.
Every month, 10 people look at Google -- "I'm fire?
This is Facebook, it has 12 years and live in Dependence.
And as anybody else, just want to be left and find.
It's dead for night.
This is being prepared for the next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear -- it's a little bit like because even though his mom tells the whole thing that it's beautiful -- all of the days in school, somebody tells you it's fair.
And what his mom tells him and what their friends, or companies of school, you don't know who to believe it.
So it makes a video of her, it put it in Sun, and I asked other people to leave a common, "I'm basic or am I fire?
Well, until now, Facebook has got more than 12 commercials.
Some of these are so discoveries, which doesn't even get the thought to think about them.
We talk about a healthy stage, normal and gentlemen, that I got these answer in one of the most successful lives of their life life.
thousands of people are putting video like this, in their most kids trying to communicate this way.
But what are it going to do this?
Well, you know today is almost never alone.
They are under the line of being in line and available all the time, talking to me -- she was going to say, "I share the shark, sharing it, put it up, this never ended up with it.
We never have been so connected to it, in a way -- in the way, so young people.
As a mother said to me, "It's like there is a picture in his room all the nights."
There is simply no private there.
And the social pieces that are going from the hand with that they're infectious.
So this environment, to be always connected to our children to survive based on the number of "The life -- you want to have and the kinds of food that they come in.
There is no diversity between a life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authority and what it is distributed distributed.
What is the most dangerous thing in the life of someone in front of somebody in the middle of the distribution in a decision design?
And where are you looking at the institution?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are full of the news of the girls of now.
They move out of them to get out of our past parallels.
And the technical technology is now a relationship.
And you feel like, "Hey, the short and shape.
So for those of you who have it, it means professional means.
These techniques are associated from women in the popular culture of today.
It's not hard to do with what the young people.
But the girls are not really inspired to this.
It's like the stars of the death, and the search stars.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we're sure we want our kids to create their kids and they're very well willing.
But in a culture by the picture of the image -- we're teaching our children to produce more time and measured to their approach, to the price of all of the other aspects of their identity of the identity of the identity of the identity of their ideas.
So things like their relationships -- the development of their physical ability -- their students and other aspects start to survive.
six of every 10 children will produce not to do something because you think you don't see the enough enough.
These are not traditional activity.
They are fundamental activity for their growth as human beings and as a control of the society and the common development of the local development of the lab.
3D percent, almost one of three percent, almost one of three cents are not interested in the class. They are going to participate in the death deaths because they don't want to call the attention.
One of the five of them are not going to get into a little bit of absolutely during the days when you don't feel care about it.
And in the temperature of experiences, if you don't think you see the enough enough -- especially if you don't believe that you are enough, you will get a little bit less than the average of your companies who don't worry about that in the approach.
And this phenomenon has come in in Film, the United States and China.
And it gives you a lot of what they actually put these young people.
So, so that it has a good of course, we are talking about how you see you, not how you're really like.
The bottom of your body is going on your body in the body.
And it's also dependent the health.
And you get them up with a little bit of a little bit of physical activity -- they eat less critical and virus, they are going to make a little bit of distribution that you can actually take them to a food democracy.
They have a low drawing.
They are more easy by the people who are going to be in the people who are going to get them and they are in the largest risk of democracy.
And we think it's all this for what they take in the top of what they take most responsible, like the control of the approach and devices, and we are depressed by strangers, secret relationships to terms and without protect and professional and a professional day.
The search of the perfect body is putting up to the health system, and our government costs thousands of dollars every year.
And we are not controlling it.
women who believe that they have a new sense of if you have or don't have any greater adventures of advanced.
17 percent of women are not present to a work of work in one day where you don't feel safe with the way you see it.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could know this, what would that chance?
Let me take this potential to each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking about it -- it doesn't take you very far away.
It doesn't go down.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms -- the first one is that we have to bring trust in their own body.
We have to help us to help us to develop strategies to develop the pressure of the perfect images and build their subject.
The good news is that there are a lot of available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
And I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of proteins are interested in, without giving the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that follow our kids not just to have a positive impact but also a distributed impact of it.
And the research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas -- the first is the information of the family and relatives.
And these six species are set out of the creatures for anything to get an education.
A education is fundamental -- but we will face this problem that we take on every one of us that we take in the ground and we will be a better model to follow for women and kids in our own lives.
It's going to challenge the current state of how women are seen and measured in our creatures.
It's not good to tell you with the importance of our political polices or the size of their pieces, or the size of the death or the success.
We need to start playing people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing the responsibility for the kind of images and communities that we published in our social resources.
We can lead to the people based on their effort and their access and not in their approach.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you would get a special?
We have to work together as communities as governments and as companies -- to change it really our culture, so that our kids are going to come back all their person, looking at all of their person -- the disease, the influence, the institution.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a period.
And by making a difference in the real world, we do that they are going to be in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe that you can think you can never be who they are, or to get what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives.
Who do you have in it?
How do you hold your wife, right?
His brother?
Do you hear her child?
Does your free?
It could be just the woman that is just the woman that is going to be two statements of distance -- what it would mean for that African voice in their interest -- which is going to get them out of a long period -- and the more death, the more planet, the more planet standards.
What would it mean for her if we know this and we would say to their potential of that way?
Right now, the view of our culture with the images is getting all around us.
But we teach our kids the true.
We understand that the way you see is just a part of your identity -- and that the truth is that we love them for who are and why they do, and because of how they make us feel it.
We are going to go to the car in the streets of our school.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and we share with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments -- so that the small age of a year of age today, they become a certain change of changes of themselves.
Let's do it.
And the five percent of Nigeria -- a sex called "The Wall Stanford was going to be in Martin and association to the Mars Mars Mars, the leader of the Line Lab Lab.
As they were able to put it in, but they're going to be present by other characteristics -- in company of each other, they started to put them back to about 12 feet in New York -- including terms, supply and the secret of the United States.
You know, these planets were made by a failure of the FBI of the FBI of the FBI of the FBI of the FBI of the FBI.
The basis in the World Bank in the World Trade Carolina, you couldn't be able to get up.
It would be controlled to be connected by their participate at that point.
Shannand Steve is my father.
I was born in Park, Paul, in 1988, being in 1988, and he would be a extra environment, with an American mother, and the first two did all the possible to give you a happy nation.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of the Institute, which is very few percent of the musicians, they get to know.
And by experience I saw that when people take time to try to interact it, it doesn't be a lot of to get the same things in life.
However, all over the way, in all human groups -- there's always a little fraction of people who are so excited to their conditions that think that you have to use all the possible media so that they all live like them.
So a few months before he was sitting with me and I would explain that in the last few weeks, he was and a few friends, and some friends, they had been going to be giving up in the Landi International, to introduce it.
He told me that I would go to the next day.
We get to the short police of the Charles Carlin, not to know our group -- I was looking at the FBI by the FBI here.
When I gave you, my father helped me to support the role in the man and explain how to take the goal to about 30 meters away.
That day, with the last battle that I gave you to the small light on the goal and to make sure all of all of us -- especially me, all of the subject is in calls in call called.
My car became the other and the story, he said "The Stanford."
In such a father -- I just children.
All of all, the food is a lot of recent -- but just a few years later I understood what they would like to them so much.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause it.
Those people later would be connected to put a lot of them to put it up with 600 miles of experts in the top of the New York Trade, using a experience that killed six people and I went to other people.
I went to those men.
I called them "The "The call, which means you.
And when I was able to, I had moved up 20 times that I had moved over 20 times, that instrument for my night allowed me to do a lot of antibiotics.
Every time I started to feel a little bit about somebody that was a moment to start and go to another city.
And as I was always the new face of the class with Africa it was visualization vision.
And I thought I thought my identity to get to be the white -- but being the new of the class and survival, it was enough.
So most of the time was going on the home of the time to read books or playing video games or playing video games or playing video games on it.
And by these reasons don't develop social skills to tell me supply -- and to grow under a principle for the real world.
And I was excited to go to people who were going to get people with people -- and it was in the restaurant individuals like his reason or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or their religion or
So how could I open the eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up to test my way to think, was during the average electricity of 2,000 percent.
In an average program in which it particular in the National National Congo, in Palestinia.
My group came up in the top of the moral violence -- as I had been able to kill almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of attention.
The members of this group would come out of them to come out of them to come out of them.
One day, towards the end of the conversation. I discovered that one of the kids who had made forest, it was a little bit.
He took several days to go back to the light and realized that there was no food between the two.
I had never had a friend friend and failure I felt very proud to have been able to see the bacteria that all life had made me believe that it was institution.
Another critical moment came up when I got a living job in Bill Galapagos, a particular park.
I found with people from all kinds of believe and culture. That experience turned out in the development of my car.
All of the life had taught me that the hospital was a period and, by the way, all the hospitals were bad information.
Of course, I had the opportunity to work with hospitals in there, in a special -- and I could see that several of them were the most effective and less critical than I had seen in life.
There was been a child of child -- developed a sense of empathy to the submit of the others. But it wasn't easy to me to try to get to you, exactly from the way I would have been trying to be trying to be.
And for that feeling I could be able to tell you about the structures that had taught me of a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how it is to be hospitals, but I know what it's going to be down for something beyond my control.
Then I came the Darwin Stanford."
All of the night, John State made me have to be interested to me and I would help me to see that the reason of people -- the religion or the sexual international, they don't have anything to do with it.
In a lot of ways he became my favorite face in a moment that I was available to need it.
Instead, the inspired can come out of the international -- and that a court would have had a better information in my own life that my own father -- except it was not at all.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my way to think, and she told me something that will be going to be in my heart for always as it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes of somebody who has been suffering enough with discovery and said, "I'm singing of the character."
At that time I realized how much business energy is needs to keep all that hate in your environment.
My real name is not Michael Ellen.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put it in a possible reason?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope somebody has done it because I hope somebody is trying to take the violence and understand my story and understand that there is a better path -- that I had been told to this violence of violence and interest, I did not get to make a fantastic.
On the point, I decided to use my experience to figure out the terrorist and against protections.
I do it by the victims of the terrorist and by their beings -- and by the dead terrible and the principles that the terrorist has produced in their lives.
And by the visions of the terrorist to talk to you, against those act without sense of my father of my father of my father.
And with this sequence I'm going to tell you here as a test that violence is not interested to any religion or right. That kids don't have to keep the way of their parents of their parents to me.
I'm not my father me.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you very much.  Thank you very much.
In this moment there is a film that comes into their mind.
It is a incredible molecule film film film film here.
It's in 3D and it has a sound of what you hear and see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a fact, you know and terrorism.
I feel your body your body, your hand, your painting.
It has emotions and happy.
It has resources -- as a moment of your childhood that are produced in your eyes.
And it has a quick voice in your sense of thinking.
The heart of the film is you who are the whole thing in fact, all of a different thing.
This film is your ability to trust the supply of the mind and the world.
The consciousness is one of the fundamental truth of the existence of human beings.
Every one of us is aware of us.
We all have a public film -- you, you and you.
There is nothing we know more directly we know.
At least I know I have a very own conversation.
I don't have a sense that you are aware of.
It's also the reason of life.
If we don't get aware -- nothing in our lives would have sense.
But at the same time is the most members of the universe.
Why are we consequences?
Why do we have these international film.
Why are we not just robots that we have to produce to produce the results without experience the international film of the international film?
In this moment, nobody knows the answer to those questions.
I suggest that to get the science to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of science.
The science of nature is obvious.
The awareness of nature is a subject.
So there may never be a science of science.
Because for almost all the 20th century -- I would make that vision of the vision.
The psychology was studying the opportunity behavior -- the neurons study the brain brain, but no one has to get the control.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started -- there were very few workers on the science.
And then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neurons like Francisco Critical and physics like Roman Parkers said, now it's the moment for science to control the consequence."
And since then, there was a real experience, a science of the scientific work on science.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental leaders to the moment.
The center of the science of science in the past few years was the self-assembly search of the controls in some areas of the brain and some of the states of the conversation.
And we saw something about this guy in the family work that I was called Nathania Kanzi a few minutes.
Now we understand much better -- for example, the areas of the brain who are related to the aware of looking at each other, or to feel happy or feel happy to feel happy.
But this is still a science of consequences.
It's not a science.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of scientific experience, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of neurons is going to get a few questions that we want to tell you about the consciousness -- the questions about what you do certain areas of the brain and what they come in.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It will not be able to go to neurons.
In fact, there are no easy problems with science.
Well, I don't know the real mental mission of this material -- why all physical process in the brain has to be accepted by consequence?
Why is there a piece of international theory?
In this moment, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to nature.
This is going to become another exciting phenomenon like the states, like life, like life, and we're going to find exploration.
The typical experiments.
That could be able to apply the human brain to explain some of the human brain and the works of the human brain as a general phenomenon -- how we talk about, how we talk about, how we put it up, all of these are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to science, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that all of the behavior is accepted from an extraordinary experience.
And here it is, the world will be able to get out of the suffering -- the world is actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I am a scientific material system.
I want a scientific theory of the advanced that it works. For a long time, I would put the head against the wall to look at a theory of science in physical terms that would work.
But at the end of the end, I got to the connection that it didn't work for the systems.
I think we are in this point.
We have a wonderful experience of wonderful experts -- and we're going to take us to this, the physics explain the chemical -- the chemical explain the biology -- the biology explain part of the paradigm.
But the consciousness doesn't seem to find in this way.
For one side, it's a fact that we are aware of it.
On the other hand, we don't know how to remember that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think the consciousness -- right now, it's a kind of antibiotics, something that we need to get to our vision of the world, but we don't know how it is.
With an animal like this, you can need radical ideas -- I think we need ideas that the beginning will seem to be locations, before you can deal with the science of a scientific way.
There are some possibility for those crazy ideas.
My friend David Diego, which is here today.
And its crazy idea is that there is no very difficult problem to the science.
And all the idea of the idea of the human film is going to get a kind of simulation or consciousness.
In fact, what you have to do, is to explain the objects of the brain, the behavior behavior behavior -- and so on the whole thing you need to explain it.
Well, more power for him.
That is the kind of radical idea that we need to explain if we want to have a theory of the consequence of constantly responsible, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for a lot of others, that vision is pretty close to just notice that the view of the consciousness is a substantially substantial.
But I am in a different direction.
In the time I want to explore two crazy ideas that I believe can be proposing.
The first crazy idea is that science is fundamental as well.
And the physics sometimes take some aspects of the universe as a fundamental statement, the space and the time.
They put the fundamental laws that government, as the laws of thank you.
These laws and fundamental properties are not going to explain in terms of any more basic properties.
At the point, they become fundamental -- and that's where the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental goes on.
In the 20th century, I discovered that you can't explain the electric phenomenon in terms of the United States in terms of the fundamental concept in terms of the fundamental concept in terms of the fundamental concept -- and then I put the basic laws out of the exception, and I put the electric field as a fundamental concept that those laws are going on.
I think that is the situation that we found with the conversation.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of the fundamental ideas of the fundamental ideas -- space, specifically, then you have to take it out of language, you have to take the list up.
The most natural thing would be to put the science as something fundamental -- a fundamental market of nature.
This doesn't mean that it doesn't mean of science.
But I open the way to make it the way to make it science.
So what we need to study is to study the fundamental laws that make the consciousness -- the laws that connect the connection with other fundamental concept -- space, the time, the time, the physical process.
The physics sometimes tell you that we want to get very simple laws so simple that we can be able to be in a restaurant.
The situation of science is something like this.
We want to find the fundamental laws so simple that we could make it in a car.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second idea is that science can be universe.
Every system can have a bunch of science.
This vision sometimes it's called parallel, "Pression for all of us, "seven for all, every system is aware -- not just the humans -- the parents, the backs, the markets, even the microscopes of Robert Kenya, the electrical particles of Robert.
Even a picture has some of it has a bunch of science.
The idea is not that the pictures are smart or you think about.
It's not that a picture can be full of anti-post-spotter when I think "Oh, I always travel the speed of light.
I can never get up and put the robots.
No, so not.
But the thinking is that maybe the pictures can have some of them to have a creative sense of construction, substance, some very early question of science.
This can sound a little bit of a little bit of you.
How do you think about something so little something that sometimes?
It comes from the first crazy idea that the science is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental as the space, the time and the mass and the map is natural to know that it can also be universe, just like others.
It also goes back the next thing that even though the idea looks like that, it's a lot less for the people of different culture, where the human mind seems more a against nature.
A more profound reason comes from the idea that maybe the most simple way that the most simple and powerful laws of finding the thinking with the physical process -- it's visited the connection with information.
There is always a lot of information -- there is a consequence.
It comes from complex information, like in a human being a human context.
It's a simple information of simple information, simple.
And something very exciting is that in the years of the recent research, I took this kind of theory and development and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of the information of information -- which is called the chair, which is the graph of information information in a system.
And I knew it has to do with science.
So in a human brain, there is an incredible group of information of information of information -- a lot of color, a lot of control.
In a mouse there is a piece of information of information of information -- just a lot of mathematician, very important.
But when you get to the computers, microbes -- particles, the principle of the high school.
The level of information of information is fewer -- but it's not a note note.
In terms of Telescope, there will still be a different level of control.
And in fact, it makes a fundamental law of the control, I set up the street of college, which is a control of construction.
And also, another reason is that the paradigm can help us bring the science into the physical world.
The physics and families are looking at the physics that the physics is absolutely activity.
He described the structure of the reality using a lot of experts, but we don't talk about the reality that you get down down.
As a Spanish Harvard Hans, where do you go out of the electricity?
From the vision of the physics of physics can leave you as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of the consciousness of it.
That's what physics do basically they describe the flow of science.
So this vision is that you put it in the experts that put it in the experts.
In that vision -- the consciousness doesn't find outside the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there in the center of it.
So this vision -- I think, the particular vision -- it has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have social conditions and very serious consequences.
Some of them can be information.
I used to think that I should not eat anything that I had to do -- then it should be virus.
If you're a parallel and applications that vision -- you will have a lot of men.
I think you think about it, this tend to transform your neighbors -- while what it matters in terms and moral conditions -- it's not so much the fact of consciousness -- but their importance and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their complexity and their
It's also natural to ask the consciousness in other systems like computers like computer.
What about the artificial intelligence system in the Hall Hall in the Hall Holly?
Is it construction?
And the vision of the particular information -- she has a complicated information of computer information, so that the answer is yes, if it's aware of it.
So if this is right -- you have a very serious problem on the top of the development of the development system and the only thing of them.
And finally, you can ask for the science of complex collective colleagues.
Came has their own consequence?
Or a more local level of a more local level, like the audience in a TED talk, like the audience in a TED talk. In this moment we have a TED film for this whole group of TED -- different from the Internet movie of each of the parts of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take in a serious question.
So this particular view is a radical vision -- and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more sure of the first crazy idea that the consciousness is something fundamental -- which is the second thing that is universe.
The visual vision of a lot of questions -- a lot of challenges -- like, how those pieces of thinking about the kind of thinking that we know and we love us.
If we can respond to those questions, then I think we go through the right way to a theory of the serious science.
If no, well, it's probably the most difficult problem of science and family.
We can't wait to solve the night to the morning.
But I think we're finally going to find it.
You understand the consciousness is the real key -- I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small village in Viewn't.
He had a very normal period of education.
I went to school, I went up with my friends -- I went up with my friends.
It was all very normal to it.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community was made my parents because I wanted to notice for a piece of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's a very nice problem.
She has actually no story.  And they had right.
I went to school, I was good at school, I had a good note on the school of my mother -- and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of the "The Sea Santa and David Creation."
Yeah, I know. What do you do.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was an extraordinary thing to do.
No one that can consider as a light if we take the ability out of the education.
You see, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school school school in a high school school in Mexico, just about 20 minutes in the middle of a man and he said, "Hey, when you give you your design?
And I said, "What do you deal?
Well, I had been talking about the law for a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know it.
When people in terms of restaurants, talk about amazing things in school?
On the ground, in the restaurant room.
And it was then when I gave me, this child had had experience with people with discovered as a distance of inspired institutions.
And we don't are. And it's not the management of the man, and that's true for many of us.
For us, people with discovery are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm in this stage to what I do in this room, and probably you are waiting for you. Right?  Yeah.
Well, let me tell you and self-assemble, I'm going to tell you structured.
I'm not here.
I'm here to tell you that they have moved in a relationship to the discovery.
Yes, you have been sold the message that the ability is something else is something else, as I mean.
It's a bad thing to live with a device you make you explorer.
It's not something bad.
And in the last few years, we've been able to pay even more this message through the social media of social community.
It's possible that you have seen images like this, "The only slide in life is a bad architecture."
Or this other thing is that the extra is inspiration."
Or this another one, "Oh, you know, inspire it."
These are just a couple of examples -- but there's a great amount of them.
It can be that you have seen one, from the child without hands by running with a slide search by the back.
You may have seen a child who went up with a little bit of a channel company of carefully.
And there is a lot of these images that are what we call international inspiration.
And I use the term terrorist -- because they take a group of people for the benefits of other people.
And so in this case, we started to the descriptions in benefits of people without discovery.
The purpose of these images is to take them in, and so we can see them and think, "Well, for very bad that is my life, it could be worse to be worse to you.
I could be that person."
But if you're that person?
I've lost the question of the number of times that have been able to tell me that they think I'm going to think that I am a value or a source of inspired -- and this happens to before my work had a public perfect period.
It was as if I was happy by the morning, and I would remember my own name --  and this is going to make it out.
These images -- those images are going to make people who are able to get people with the benefits of the people without discovery.
They are there so that you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their worry into a perspective.
And life as a personal person is actually a hard thing.
We have some things.
But the things we knew is not the things that you can think about.
They're not things to our body.
I use the terms "The terms "person -- determined because I got to the social model of the discovery, which tells us that we are more available because of the society that we live because of our bodies or discovery.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
And the things I need to do -- and I've learned to get the best of their ability as much as you do it, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of it.
They just are using their bodies by getting the best of their ability to get the best of their ability for them.
So it's really right to tell them in the way we do it, when we share those images in the way.
When people say, "You are a source of instrument -- it says as a computer.
And I know why it happens.
It's in the middle of it, because they have been sold this message that the device makes us.
And yet, I don't do it.
And I know what they're thinking about.
I'm here, I am here -- and you think about it, and you think about God, Shakespeare, you're not sometimes inspired by something."
And actually, I know I'm going to do that.
You learn about other people who are in the whole time.
However, I don't learn that I am more authority than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a great idea to use the things that get to me.  And I learn the typical engineering of how to make the battery of the mobile phone in the edge of the room.
Great.
We learn from the force and resources of the others, not against our bodies and our discoveries, but against a world that except and considered us.
I really think that that means that we have been sold about the ability is the biggest institution.
It makes us hard life.
And that climate, "The only thing in life is a bad architecture, the reason that that's often because it's not true, because of the social model.
A lot of soldiers before a high school has never been done in a radio.
I never    I'm going to have been going to have a team to be able to be able to get the substances for the solar people.
It doesn't have a lot of people in the middle of a free and produce a positive attack to become all those books at the time.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where the ability is not the experience, but the normal one.
I want to live where a child of 15 years old, sitting in his doctor looking at the Sea Sea Stanford -- you don't think of anything to be in a room.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so much of them that are not so low of the people who are happy to get out of the field and remember our name for the morning.
I want to live in a world where we came back in a world where we fly the entire generation of people with discovery, and I want to live in a world where a child in a school school school is not a little sense that his new teacher is a subject of surgery.
The ability doesn't make us explain -- but I think what you believe to know about the respect I know it.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with the real reality and the deep family, with the police?
And what is the half of a market without care?
Unfortunately, I'm just going to answer one of those questions -- so please don't get them out.
When people think of actually constructively, you think about "Minder Reduction, and in terms of Creative the hands in the air -- but the reality is not science science.
The real reality is something that happens in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phone.
So how do we get to the real real?
The first step -- it's what I get is what I take is, the Google Google Galapagos.
I'm sure many of them are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Google is a spectrum that allows them to see what I see.
I'm going to allow you to experience what it's going to be a deep development in the field.
Now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a map that you will get with your imagination to you.
We can use the Google Google, under a song and know what it is to run through the game of play to 100 miles -- the blood shaped the eyes.
We can know that it feels like a man of 100 miles -- I would try to tell you with all of their be.
I've been there and you get them out there and you get it out there that it's not anything else.
It took a few video to show you what the Google Google is going to use the Google Google under the car, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they are not images of the President products, because the idea of the DNA technology is a sub-Saharan supply to the surface -- but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kenya, let's go.
It is horrible to be wrong.
A moment. You get a little bit.
Probably?
Let's go.
Chris Kenya, as you can see, it's a piece of what is going to be located in the favorite field of the passion of the street.
You have to realize that it is the rest of the team.
We have a video of them.
Market company, Rossian 1983.
Audience 2, Chinese 3."
Chris Kenya, this is a little bit more to the feeling to be in the way, but it doesn't have anything to do with the NGO.
The families want that experience.
The families want to be in the field -- to be their favorite players -- and they have asked me in Sun, and in Telescope, you can see from the night of a field of the field.
Or a correct?
We want to experience that?
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Galapagos, how do we get out of the leadership -- how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level by using something called Chinese Roman: who keep sure a lot of you know.
The Roman Rome has been discovered as the most real reality of real visual reality -- and it's not a battery word.
And I'm going to show you the because, with this video.
Man: Oh, Oh."
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing." No.
Oh, God God."
RB: That's the experience of a man in a man in a really interesting mountain for their life.
So what will be the experience of a picture when we get a video of Arabic Professor to take the line to the line of a chair with the arm before you run and do a anti-market analysis." What will be the experience of a end.
When I can be measured by the car, leaving the ball at the bottom of the research? Or do you make a stage in Sandier in Sandie?
What will be your experience when you get out of a mountain to over 100 miles like a slightly slightly slight statement?
Maybe you see the villages of patients for adults.
But this is not really entirely entering.
It's just virtual reality.
How do we take the reality accurate, Ross?
We will take the reality that when the stress, the members and you see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our equipment?
How do we use it for particles?
Because they always use technology to win the technology.
They like to win -- you give them money.
So here is a beautiful response about technology in the NGO.
In experiments.
They won the surface of this year.
Other people decided to tell them.
More people saw the part because it was more exciting.
In 1998, the NGO put them down in the cars of the field and then in the declines of democracy.
They had more species because it was faster.
In 2007, imagine that they are a place coming back to their group and you see his next place from you, in a plastic view of plastic -- you will not have to worry about finding a planet.
Or to measure the structure.
They just go out of the field and they remember it.
And the transportations want it because if you don't get their institutions -- they are lose -- and they used to lose particles.
If you lose you to lose you as a strengthenity.
And they don't want that.
But the actual reality is not just a lot of a better structure.
The real reality is also a way of getting information and use it in real time to improve your way to play your own way to play your own way to play your own way to play your own way to play the particular way.
How do you do?
Well, a very simple choice would be a camera in every single stage of the state having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information of the senses and the advances, something that's already going on.
And all of that information goes to your places.
The good team will be able to understand it.
The bad will have information of information.
So this would tell the good team of bad.
So your team of information will be as important as your resources, and the data of data will stop to be just for us.
It will be also to development. Who would have been imaginations.
How would it be in the camera?
Imagine that they are the field of field.
You get the battle and responsible.
And you look at an open record, and suddenly a class in the left part of your view you can get you that a democracy behind you is going to go to the statement, not you see, but the system of Rome says.
And then you go into the program area area.
The other thing you get is that there is an open record.
And you get the battle, but they get them out.
And the battle lose the transparency.
You don't know where it will be going to be -- and yet, you see it in his view a network area that is survived and it can measure the air.
It will be applied, and it goes down and angry and an antibiotic.
And the public public and the families have followed the playing from every night.
This is something that will create a massive choice in the parts.
I will make people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The families want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite place.
The reality will be part of the doctor because it's too often to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of the reality of the real result?
Are we going to use it just like patient and five, like our right?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the actual reality to deal with the effect between human beings to show someone how it is, literally being in the place of another person.
We know what this technology is worth for the developing places.
You get thousands of dollars a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the room trying to show a support how many of them are their access from the perspective of the vision?
How much is this technology for a battle in U.S. or Russia trying to show the world how is it being a person?
How much of it is also for a Common Hollywood or a New York Democratic or a New Democratic generation to think more in space and science in the space of antibiotics and schools?
Serious and gentlemen, the reality.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face -- they are democratic -- as a simple, of us.
Thank you.
And I remember me after 24 years of service in the city of California.
Most of those 24 years ago I was spent by the outside of the correct of Marine, which including the Professor Google Gate.
The bridge is an individual structure -- known with their beautiful version of San Francisco -- the World ocean, and their international station and the architecture of the architecture start.
By the way, it's also a image for sub-Saharan, being one of the most used places of the world.
The New York Gates was open in 1999.
John States, I was going to be able to build the bridge -- he said that, "The point is particularly to the subject of substance.
The subject from the bridge is not protection or protection.
But from his open, more than 1,000 people have saved their death from that point.
Some of you think about the two people who are going to bring them into the other thing, this bridge has been used as like this, such as the every since he would leave you from all of your worry and doctor, and the water and the water that happens to take you up your life.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to be used to buy it.
After a box of four to five seconds -- the body body against the water about 150 miles per hour.
And the impact of the bones, some of the ones that would make them look like.
Most of them die in the impact of it.
Those of you who don't usually get in the water water and then go down.
I don't think that the ones that have to take this piece of software is that I realized how much of the death is going to be forced.
This is the car.
And except around the two tons, there are 3D streets in the planet.
This is where most people are going to get the life.
I can tell you about experience that once the person is in that bank, and in their most dark moment -- it's very hard to bring it out.
And I took this picture last year, while this young man was talking to an office completely his life.
I want to tell you that we had success that day to bring it back on the backyard.
When I started working in the bridge -- we didn't have any form of a form of food.
We went up to change the way through these calls called it.
This was not just a bad service to those who control the subject, but the effects as well.
We've got a long way from then.
Today, you can notice and paralyzed to the new opportunities.
This is John Gates.
I met the 24 percent of Japanese last year, the last year of a possible subject was sitting on the heart of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of the center of
And I remember, and when I came in, I looked at Japan talking to a profit of the Pool Google Galapago.
Japan was only 35 years old, and I had come back up here from New Joseph.
In fact, I had come back to here two times before New York to try to go out from this point.
After an hour talking to Japan, we asked us if we know the story of the car of the Palmiwah box.
And I remember the graphic microscope, Lesters created Parkinson, and I sent it to the Earth with a box -- and he said, "I never get that backyard."
Well, one day, the city could be more than Parkinson, and she opened the box.
And she came out of it, and you know, and all kinds of bad against the man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So John asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope?
And they had a few institutions, you get to the right, and it was.
And this is a little bit of a New York of New York was just going to take the life.
I talked to the parents of Japan that night, and I guess that when I was talking to them, it doesn't seem to be a very good thing, because the next day, the family of the family called me to see how it was.
The parents of Japan, they had asked it.
You know, you get a lot of people in the ground to affect a lot of people.
And you get these questions -- what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody else was supports surprise?
What would you do?
Do you know what to do?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk about, but you have to listen to it.
I heard to understand it.
You don't disappear, or you tell the person to the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of information that they need.
If you think somebody is surprised, you don't have a sense of them and do the question.
One way to do the question is, "Do you get in similar similar signs, you've thought about their life, you've had these thought of these thoughts?
It will go to the person of front of it can save the life and will be the whole point for them.
Some of them are going to look at it, telling us that things are terrible and you will never believe that there is nothing that you can do about it that you can do about it, social social social and a lost of the interest in life.
I was going on this talk for a couple of days, and I got a couple of days, and I got to read you out of a sea and I would like to read you his face.
She lost her son to the age of this year, and I wrote this choice to just a couple of days ago, and it's with his fear and beautiful that you read them.
"Hey, Kenya.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the point this end of week.
I just wanted to leave one of it.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home of it to their friends that they tell their friends, etc.
I'm still very interested -- but I'm going to give you more moment to realize it really doesn't go back home.
And I was talking about Park to San Francisco to see the 1990s with his father with his father at the time.
I never got there.
And I called the police of Perious and it turned out how that night.
On the next morning, two organizations came to my house and they were invited to me that the Chinese car was down in the planet.
And a technical had seen it out of the bridge to the 19th of the day of the day.
Thank you very much.
Who has not been bad before we have a real mental disease.
It should not be so easy to go out with it.
My teachers are connected by your line.
The GPS Google Gates is supposed to be a paradox through our beautiful baby, not a center.
Good enough this week, Victor."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way that his son took that day, and also the value to go out.
I would like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value way.
And the 11 percent of 2010, I came back to a radical call for a possible subject in the face of the bridge close to the top of the planet.
And I put my goal for the air and I looked at this man and I looked at this man Kenya, Bangladesh Bank.
When I was looking at me, and I came up with the background, and he got in that little tumor that goes around the top.
For the time and a half and a half century, I heard like Kenya, I heard about his definition and designer.
Kenya decided for his mind that day to go back on that box and give it the other opportunity.
When Kenya, it happy.
"This is a new beginning -- a new life."
But I asked him, "What was it what did you go back and give you the hope and the other opportunity?
And you know what I said to me?
He said, "I love it.
I'm going to talk to you and just listen.
I have a little bit after that one, I got a letter of the mother of Kenya, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read you.
"I want Sea Benetter, nothing will go out of the age of 18 feet -- and you is one of the reasons why Kenya goes with us.
I think Kenya was called by help.
It has been discovered with a mental disease for which it has been incredibly medicine.
And I went back to Kenya, when I only had six months old, but it's full of all of those researchers -- but thank God to God, we now know.
Kenya is in order -- like the says it.
We give God to God for you.
And I was often in the decline with you, Barbara British."
And at the end of the end she wrote -- "PM: When I looked at the general hospital of San Francisco that night, you have been fighting like the patients.
"I know I had to respond."
And I mean, Kenya is a heart father and an activity of society.
He talked about the events of that day and their definition with the hope that their story will inspired each other.
This is not just something that I've found in the work.
It's personal people.
My grandmother went up with it.
That act despite their own dollar, I would take the opportunity to know it.
This is what you do is the subject.
So for most people who are going on, or those who would consider the subject, they don't think about the other person.
They just want their own dollar doctor.
By the way, this is just one of three ways -- death, the drugs or the death or death or death or death.
In my career -- I've been involved and I've been involved in hundreds of mental disease.
And from those individuals that I've been directly investigating -- I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japan.
The other was a man that I talked about about a hours.
For that time, I set up the hand in three ways.
At the end of the end, I looked at me, and he said, "Leave, I feel it, but I have to go to you.
And I went out.
Hollywood, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you -- yet that the great people of the people that we get to connect in that point they don't get up.
And also, those few people who have come out of the bridge and live and that you can talk about it, that one or 20 percent, most of those people have said that the second thing they leave on the back they realized that they had taken a strength and they wanted to live in.
I say to people, the bridge not only connect with San Francisco, but also to people.
That connection -- or the point that we do, is something that everyone and every one of us should be able to do.
The software can come in.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes the world that you don't are, but in your interest you know what you're are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be a little only in that sense, but I'm not used to be alone.
When I became a model I felt that finally there was the dream that I had had from children.
And my experience was finally connected with my real truth.
And by the reasons that I was going to give you later, when I look at this picture -- when I look at this picture -- you get it to the genome, you get it out of it.
But the last year, I discovered that, you know, I'm starting on.
And all of us are getting our families -- our society, our society in the story, even our body.
Some of them have the value of film, to get out of the limits in the color of the skin or by the belief of those who get us.
These are people who are always going to have the size of what it would do is that it would be accepted.
In my case, the last eight years, many of my friends, a lot of my friends, and my friends even missed my story.
And I think that this approach is going to get a relationship.
This is the me.
And I was going to take you like "Here: I was born because of my genes.
I remember that my five years in the Facebooks, in my house -- I was always taken this way into the head.
And my mom was asked me, "Why do you always take that company in the head?
I said, "Mountain, it's my hair -- I'm a girl."
I knew how I knew how to fight.
The goal has always become an amazing fact -- but now we know that, actually, it's more complex and mission.
Because of my success. I never went to share my story, not because I would think to be what I'm bad -- but why the world is about the world of us who want to fill.
All of the days will be woman.
I have a mom and a family and a family that would make me like I'm going on.
Many of them are not so authority.
There is a long tradition in the current culture of the gender of the gender.
There is a bit of a company of compassion of compassion there.
There is a little bit of diameter, he was going to tell you about them.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a favorite in the families that I ended up with these stories.
I was from the stage and I remember that this beautiful woman came back to me, and I remember that moment as if something else would get me, this is the kind of woman I want to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I still saw this woman called TED Tomorowhere.
It is the direction of a beautiful beauty of beautiful.
That night she asked me, "Why have you not been on the control of beauty?
And he told me that if it was going to be able to get out of the institutions and the vision, and that night, they won in the bank of bacteria, and it was going to make it out of a battle and it was third for more than 40 cars.
That moment changed my life.
All of a sudden, I was within the world of beauty responsibility.
Not a lot of people can say that his first work was from the beauty of beautiful women, but I can be can.
I also met the difference of the devices, especially when we looked at the researchers of Facebook.
But more important than all that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2008, my mom had moved to San Francisco -- I called me and told me that they were able to get my sense of the green stream that I could go to live to the U.S.
I got it up.
I said to my mother, "My mother -- I'm going to tell you.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and being a beautiful bank.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know if you move to the United States can be able to change the name and the identity of gentlemen?
It was all I needed to listen to you.
My mom showed me that I put it two to my name to me.
She also brings me when I was going to tell you in Santa to 18 years.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Tanzania to do the most presented colors and security and safe and safe and safe cells.
In the United States in the United States, it was need to do the color before we can change the name and the genome.
So in 2007, I went to San Francisco and I remember looking at the leadership of construction with the name and the George game.
It was a big moment.
For some people, their sense of identity means can be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to get a transformation, but for me it was the freedom to live -- to feel a different.
All of a sudden, my legs were looking for.
I felt that I could take my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many of them are not so authority.
I think about this woman of Montana Alaska.
A young woman in New York who actually lived his truth -- but that, recorded, I put his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
We have to be eight times more high than the rest of the population.
All of the 20 percent of us we make a global video for the day of the Stanford day.
I am in this stage for a long story of people who went out and put it back into the institution.
These are Mars P. John and San Rosetta.
Today, in this same time, I'm coming out of the artist.
I can't keep living my truth and just for me.
I want to do the best to help the other to live their truth without self-assembly, no second.
I'm here, I mean, so that some day there is no longer more than 20 of us.
My biggest truth took me to accept what I'm are.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you.
George Robert, right. You see, first of all, thank you with all my beautiful.
And my favorite network -- my parents especially to my family.
I remember all of the times I have gone into the young young women that I've been standing in, and some times, when they call me and they told me that their parents couldn't be able to make it -- I was called my mom and he said, "Mars, can you call this woman?
Some times I worked on, other no. It's just implication -- that's what is in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, and what I try to do is put a game at the time, and what I try to do is put on the table that some of the things that some of the times that you don't want to do -- and that there should be a space that allows people to get to put it up, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents,
The transportation movement is interacting with the black movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understood it.
There should be space for the curious and to make questions -- and I hope all of you are my stores.
KB: Thank you.
In a lot of national societies and transportation, to the parents usually know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known by his daughter and I'm proud of it.
Many started his company by the education of the education. And when they put their forces in 2007, and when they put the President National Prize of the peace of the peace of the peace -- it became a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my son, but I'm now his father now.
Serious and gentlemen, if we have a look at the history of humanity -- the story of women is the story of the instrument, from the violence and explorers.
You see, in the national societies -- right from the beginning -- when you were born a child -- his birth is not going on.
It's not good, not for his father -- not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for his mother, not for
The view comes back to the mother to the mother and no one happy.
And a mother will get a lot for having a child.
When he gives light to the first child -- the first son, the first son, you put it.
When he gives light to the second child -- and with the hope of a son, when I was able to get his third child, it feels like a critical critic.
It's not just the subjective mother but the daughter -- the daughter is back -- when it grows up, as well.
On the age of five years old, when I should go to school, you get in home and school and school to their brother and the school school to their brother and school.
In the age of 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can fun.
It can play with their friends in the street, and it can move through the streets as a market.
But when it comes into the screen, when I got 12 years old, you get it out of his house without a male man.
It's connected to four feet of his house.
It's not a free person.
It becomes the example of your father and their sister and his family, and if you get the code of that human supply, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this set of time, not just affect the life of a man, as well.
And so this brother -- the shoes of their life and happiness of their brother in the name of the sun.
And there is one more of the main societies which is called an exception.
It was supposed to be a good girl should be very slow, very humanity and very surprised.
It's the crisis.
The model of a good girl should be street.
You know that it has to be similar and that you get the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the oceans -- even if you don't want to.
If you take a man with a man who doesn't like or if you love it with a old man -- it has to take it up, because it doesn't want to be a death of description.
If you get a very young thing, it has to make it.
And I call it the content to call it.
And what happens to the end.
In the words of a police, "The show, and then give light to more children and children."
And the work of the situation is that this mother is that this mother, including the same lesson to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to their children.
And this is what it has to look at and it goes on.
They want to stay and beautiful, when I was born -- and for the first time, and for the first time, I don't like to be all the nations -- to be home, but when I was there and look at their eyes and look at their eyes, and I was sitting up to be totally honest.
And so a lot before I was born -- I thought about his name -- and he was fascinated with a leadership light of the freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Martin from Mars, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I came up, all of them were men -- and I was going to get my piece, and I brought a line of my name -- and I wrote -- "Hey, "The Mars."
And when she grew up, when I was four years and a half years and a half and a half years old in my school.
Do you ask me, why should I mention the advertising of a child in a school in a school.
Yes, I should get it.
You can give them a sense of communication, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in the poor countries, in the political societies in the traditional societies -- is a great approach for the life.
It will be involved in a school means the recognize of their identity and their name of his name.
And a advance to the high school that has come into the world of dreams and the approaches where it can explain their potential for their life.
I have five brothers, and none of them could go to school, and they would be seriously, two weeks before, when I was able to go up with the fact that, and I was in the relationship part of the family, I couldn't recognize the standards of some of my brother states.
And the reason was that I had never seen the name of my beautiful states in any discovery.
That was the reason I value my daughter back.
What my father could not give my brother not to their children, I thought I had to change it.
I used to learn the intelligence and the search of my daughter
I was going to sit with me when my friends came to see.
And I was going to go to a lot of different resources.
And all of these values -- I've been interested in their personal person.
And this was not just for her, just for Mars.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and girls for the same.
You use education for emotional.
I teach my children, I teach the students -- to forget the lesson of the exception.
I taught you to the students to forget the lesson of the called called the card called the card.
They wanted to stay up and subjects, we took for more rights for women, and we went to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found with a new phenomenon for us.
It was read for human rights and in particular, for the rights of women.
It was called a advertising.
And that means a full business of the women in all of the women in all of the political activity and social activity.
hundreds of schools were lost up.
And the kids were asked to go to school.
And the women were used to use them and stop to go to the market.
The music were silenced, the girls and the single single standards.
They were such millions of millions of them, but you know, and it was a lot to have around those people who kill and stop when you talk about their rights for you.
It is really wrong.
In the 10 years old, Martin came up and put it through the right to education.
I wrote a challenge for the Bangaria of the Bangladesh, he went out of the New York Times, and I talked about every plan that I can.
And his voice was the most powerful voice of it.
And it was sort of like a class around the world.
And that was the reason why they were able to be able to take her campaign and the eight of the 1990s, they were taken up in the head.
It was one day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole in the world.
And as my daughter was described between life and death -- I would take it to my wife to my wife, "I have to tell you what happened to my son, to your child."
And I immediately said to me, please.
It takes it right up.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth -- by the cause of education, and by the cause of education, and your daughter will be inspired in you and he got it.
They were both in the right way and God protection.
These few words means a lot for me, and I didn't go back again.
When Martin was in the hospital and I had dollars and I had a head dollars of head because his favorite nervous was considered -- I used to see a dark size that was extremely excited about my wife of my wife was.
But my daughter was never going on.
I used to tell you, "I'm good with my surface and with my face in my face.
I'm going to put it right. Please don't be a pressure."
It was a control for us, and you get it on.
They want to read from it how to get up in the most difficult moment, and I would share with you to share with you that despite to be a college for the rights of children and women of women, it's like any girl of 16 years.
And I didn't end up when he was not out of his task up.
You put them with their brother and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What is the special of special in my car, which has been so lucky to Mars and experience and experience?
I say, I don't ask you what I did.
So let me do what I didn't do.
He didn't cut their legs and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
I was full of the brain, 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of brain has become a personal passion of it.
I am an engineering intelligence.
And I want to tell you that I actually have to tell me that I have a lot of the Google Group, where I've had a distribution to my car, the death of Google Department -- but all the work I will talk about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I went to Google or outside my work there.
And there is a stranger -- there is a state when you take you to a brain.
Are you going to be kind of intelligent or right?
It's not going to be like this, could you go back to be intelligence?
And then of course, I was made a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the basic material -- but it was the average part of the center that creates important important and neuroscientists.
And immediately after the choice -- I had to tell you what a number of different points every day, because if I didn't take anything -- it would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to tell you about the combination and microscope meters and microscopes and try to get them, to follow with life.
More than one time I've been saved by a little time.
But unfortunately, I have a lot of experience -- so I decided that I would experience to try to get the last couple of the last few because there really isn't a clear map that I would tell you in death.
I started to try to test a different minister -- and I was surprised to see how small changes in the drugs would change my submersible, my sense of who I was me, my way to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly important case -- for a few months, I was able to tell you and chemical chemical markets, and I was surprised to see how they changed my thinking.
I was always fundamentally, I thought all the time in the sex -- and I thought it was the most intelligent person of all the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known several guys like this, or maybe some of them can see a few senses.
It turned out as a successful.
But my big software was that I was not trying to be a freedom.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to get a problem that had a problem that had to the front and just don't happen like that.
So I couldn't get it.
I changed my decades.
But I think that experience gave me a new learning about men and about what you have to do -- since I took me better with the men.
What I was trying to do -- I was going to go back to those ants and neuroscientists and some of them -- it was to reduce my intelligence after disease and construction, my creative thinking.
And it sounds pretty much in images -- and that became a kind of kind of key relationship, how do you get those mental images that used to create proteins, my ideas -- if you want to get new ideas and responding solutions.
This kind of thinking is not new about.
Family like Human, Democrats and Houses look at things like this.
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are going to take this idea, and there are a lot of decisions about how the mind works. For me is simple for most of us, the mental images are fundamental for creative thinking and investment.
And so from several years old, I got to find the right point and I have a lot of lots of mental men -- really visualization, and they really survive and well structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take a lot of these mental images from my mind to the screen of the computer.
Do you imagine what happens if a piece of five was able to use their mind just to use the world that has the world?
Or if a music could explore the music of your head?
There are incredible possible with this, as the way people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is that, the only slide to get to do this is just to increase the revolution of our brain system.
Let me show you why I think we are pretty close to come to this with two recent experiments by two groups in India.
And both of us used technology technology -- imagine by the brain market -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain of the brain development and their colleagues of Harvard.
The collection of the left shows the brain of the brain of a person that looks at a picture of a person.
The middle of the middle of the brain shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as you know, looking at that same picture.
The right of the right is created by the content of the center of the left of the left -- you see that the difference is pretty much.
And this is a lot of different individuals with many different images with a lot of different images.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine that same image is almost a new image of it.
Now, let me share some other experiment -- this is the lab of John Galapage in Berlin, California.
They were able to become the brain waves in the visual field.
We put this way.
In this experiment -- it will show people hundreds of hours of Vietnam lives as they came up their brains to create a great relationship of the brain of the brain.
And then I showed you a film with new images -- new people, new animals, and as so much as a new school.
The computer, using only the brain information of the school to show you what it looks like to show that the person was looking at it.
On the right you can see the consequences of the computer, and at the left, the video I showed you.
And this was told us backs.
We're good about it.
We just need to improve the solution.
And now, you remember that when you see an image and when you imagine that same image -- it creates in the brain the same way.
This was taken up to the system of the brain brain systems today, and their revolution was invented as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase a thousand times a thousand times more to get a more deep look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the critical and interact electricity.
I don't mean for that.
A lot of people are putting new techniques of production for images -- even me with the result of the Iraq, first of all, we need to ask the next one, this technology will be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way that the only way to get more solve is with bigger people, but at this point, you know more big people are going to make small little best things in the revolution -- don't have a thousand as we need.
I think of this idea, instead of the most big, we do better ideas.
We can create a lot more complex and more complex structures like making a specific specific.
And why does this care about?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort in the AIDS was to make big images really big -- right?
However, most of them are going to be in the research of smart solutions and biological solutions and development, in the transportation and research records of French Facebook in the States system.
On the time, instead of a massive field. We are going to be able to be able to make sure that we were used by the farmers of the First Facebook.
So when you compare the magic patterns with the patterns of the Facebook process, we can increase a massive way the information that you can spread in a single way.
And also, we can be able to enjoy our knowledge of our knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
When you use the Institute we should be able to measure not just the flower of the survival blood, but the horses and the neuroscientists that I've shown and maybe even the natural activity -- this is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in different ideas to the digital media.
Do we imagine if we could go out of the language and communicate it directly through the thought?
What would we be capabilities?
And how do we learn to deal with the truth of human thinking.
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be interested to use it as a tool to affect our skills and communication of it.
And certainly this same tool could take the cure of the Alaska and similar disease.
We have a little bit more options to open this door here.
All of a way, they get a year, will happen in five or 15 years.
It's hard to imagine a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you about this night, and not in a traditional sense -- not just from the black market.
I think we all have architecture.
And its husband may be to tell some person for the first time that the love or tell someone who is excited, or to tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for which you have been in life.
Everything is a hard conversation -- and even though our issues can look at it, the experience of having lived and have come out of that drug is an universe.
It gives you, and we don't like it, and it should happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the New York Cameron, and I was in the city in the city -- and being there, I had to take a number of pictures of the most international military -- I will not take my life, and I will take up the legs of Angela Daniel And Frank like a legitimate.
And I'm going to be sure that by the head of my heart standard and because of the head of my head, I would ask me a little little little little little little little little little kid, "Hey, you're girls or girl?"
And I would take a silence in the table.
And I would have a little bit more, a little bit more, I would take my code with a piece of robot.
The father will get the perfect and the mother would take a forest to his son to his children.
But I was not going to say anything -- and it would be drawn by inside it.
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years old, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible sense.
So I thought that the next time would say something.
It would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a girl or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was going to go out of it in the fish in the table,   I had the colors of Britain Frankle.
The colors of Germany States.
Even a picture of the "The "The "The "things that I showed you.
And so I would give you a look at it, and I went up with the video and I went up with my four years with a red virus, and I'm going to show you what is not a challenge for a family device, just a child with a question: Are you girls or girl?"
So I'm going to be able to give you again, I put it back to it, and I said, "Hey, I know that this is something else.
I have the head of a little girl like the one of a girl -- and I am a girl -- and I am a girl and you know, as you like you like to use a red virus, and sometimes you like to use a common piece.
Well, I'm more than the guy of a child change.
And that child I looked at me, and I looked at it, and he said, "My favorite piece is violence and it has a fish.
Can you give me a park, for favorite?
And that was all of all of it was all of it.
What about the question that I ask?
It was the most easy conversation of all that I ever had before.
And Why? Because the child of the path and I, both of us were holding the one with the other.
So as a lot of us, I've lived in some of us in my life, and yes, I mean, my legs used to be a architecture.
But inside the dark -- you can't know what it is the sides.
You just know how a feeling feels like a strand.
This is how my husband is not different than you or you or you or to you.
Secondly, I'm going to give you 100 reasons from why I would go out of my husband was more difficult than coming out of the car, but this is the signal, hard is not related to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that I would tell somebody who have shown to someone who have been able to tell you that it has been more difficult than to say that has been a distance?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult than to tell your five years of five years that you're going to design?
There's not something more difficult -- there is only how hard it is.
We need to try and figure out what it's hard to be difficult to the other person to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our arms and we need to just feel exactly because we all live something difficult.
In some point in our lives -- we all live in artists, and you can make sure that they make sure that you can make sure that the other security than the other side of the audience.
But I'm here to tell you that it doesn't care about what they are made for their walls -- a artist is not a place to live.
Thank you.
And I had a car car -- a very high short and a high scale of high school.
It was not the military military to fight against any child of four years that I was going to go into the camera.
I was connected by the fear of the fear in a state of my dark strength by using my dark grandmother, and the move only one music is the most exciting thing that I ever done.
My family, my friends -- my friends who I've spent my life to try to do that, and now the world was going to get it back to it.
I was looking at the pages of a mouse that we all have been sure so much time, but if you don't get that graph, you will kill you.
One of my most dangerous strength was in the edge of my brother back.
It was the first time that a lot of other people were going to know that it was gas, and when I was going to do my black labs -- in my black sea, I walk around the table and finally came to a where they were the friends of my parents -- people who were known to me.
And after to talk a moment, one of the black women, "I love Nathanism Lady."
And the battery of the battery record had started with.
"Are you going to be in the Carolina?
"Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fantastic."
"And you know about my state state?
It's very good and it's never talking about having no news."
"What is your favorite technology program.
Our favorite program and thank you.
And you know who you love us?
Japan is our favorite."
And then a woman, democratized but in the hope of showing you the speed, to make you know that I was in my side, finally said, "Well, sometimes my wife use to be raises really assume.
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the short careers.
You might have been easy to have been easy to figure out where they were sitting in.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were exploring.
And what else can you ask someone to ask somebody but to stand on them?
If you're going to be authority with somebody -- you have to be prepared for the audience that you get to do.
It's as hard as the hard conversations are not going to be my strong point.
They ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm better -- and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Parkinson's photographers.
Now, please you see this through the black perspective, but they understand that what it means to get out of any artist is essentially the same thing.
Number one, they're authority.
You get the artist. It will be you.
That child in the song was not having a crime, but I was ready for the battery.
If you want someone to be generally, the other must know that we have to know that we have to do it.
Number two, they will be directly. They just do it. They just get them down.
If you know that they are gas, it will give you.
If they tell their parents that maybe they could be gas, they will keep the hope that that could change it.
They don't give them a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important --  --   let me leave the complexity of it.
You communicate their truth.
It will be available by that.
And some of you can go out of a safe second, shaped by what they've done, but you never get it through what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel democratic -- but that's something in them.
Those are the experts of them about what you are, but not your own own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write it.
And so the next time you find in an artificial dark scanned a graph, you must know that we all have been there before.
And you can feel very simple, but they don't are.
Thank you, Boston.
What is that?
So if we look at the story of how it has seen intelligence -- an average example has been the picture of Democratic Department that "The question of if a machine can think about it is as interesting as the question of whether a subject can be a subject.
And when I first wrote this thing as it was doing this as a critical to the pieces of information as Alaska Talent.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the most fundamental factors of intelligence in the intelligence of intelligence survival.
Let's take a step up.
We first start with a mental experiment.
So imagine that they don't know about the biology of the Earth no one in the Earth or the Earth of the Earth, but they have an incredible television and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a neurons, we know that the reason is that we are trying to save ourselves to ourselves.
We're trying to make an impact of it.
But if you are about a red reason that doesn't know anything about this, which doesn't have any concept about the Earth of the Earth, they would look at a physical theory that will explain how to explain how to explain how to be a time at the time, the architects that take the surface of a mental planet to do it.
And that's why this is the same question that the one is to understand the physical nature of intelligence of intelligence of intelligence of intelligence nature of intelligence of intelligence nature.
So in this program that I took a number of years ago, I took a variety of issues through science through a lot of distributions, which would be sentence, I think, to a single metaphor of intelligence of intelligence of the intelligence.
So for example, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally presented for the development of intelligence -- and in particular, for the development of the college state of the future of the future.
Finally, in the global movement -- there has been a number of recent techniques that have tried to apply the skills of robots to save the future freedom of access to the end of making complex companies.
And so taking all of these different issues and put together together, I asked you about a lot of years ago, there is there a substantial mechanical for intelligence that we could get out of all these different simple?
Is there just a choice for intelligence?
And I think the answer is yes, what you're looking at is probably the most expensive equivalent to one and a half to the intelligence that I have seen it.
So what you're looking at here is a face that intelligence is a force -- FBI, that act with the end of making the future future of action.
In order to save the future future of action -- or to keep the open choices with a force -- with the diversity of possible future, yes, to a long time time, so on.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to be able to take it out.
The intelligence is trying to save the future freedom of action and keep the open operations.
And so, I have to tell this room, it's natural nature -- what can you do with this?
What is it so predict is it?
Do you produce the level of human intelligence level.
Do you produce the artists and the artists argument?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, I will show you some of the amazing apply of this simple extraordinary.
Narrator: And non-and research researchers have suggest that the universe they produce more democracy, or "special," during their life they should have the most amazing conditions to the existence of smart beings like us.
But what's going on if that connection is going to be used between the entire and intelligence of a more professional relationship of a more professional relationship of the property?
What happens if the smart behavior is not only a control to the production of a long player, but that actually comes directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a substance of software called European, designed to save the production of pressure in any system in any system in which it comes in.
So successful, I could happen to spend a lot of animals of animals of animals, play games of humans -- and even to make money out of it, all of them who would have been involved to do that.
Here are some example examples in action.
And as a piece of foot stopper without carefully, here we see the self-assembly starting a police using a card.
So this behavior is noticed in part because we never gave him a metaphor.
I just decided for your mind to get the police.
So this ability of team will have approaches for human robotic and human technology.
This ability of tools of tools will be able to have an intelligent mathematician and the music.
In the same as some other animals can be able to be able to get out of a little bit at the same time to put the food, here we see that English can make a version of the model of that area.
So this ability of compassion has interesting.
It is an entire approach to a variety of doctors.
So for example, here we see it extremely playing a game game against themselves -- and I put their potential for play.
So here we see the Indian new connection in a social network where the friends are discovered and keep up with success the network of it.
This same capacity of network is also access in the heart of health in energy and energy and intelligence and intelligence of it.
So here we look at the corrections of a battery flower, I discovered with success and using the Carolina Canada to take a global level to the world from the Alaska to the Park.
And in the same way, English is absolutely apply to problems in the distance of the audience, light and transportation.
And finally, here we see the English experience to find out and explore a secret of computer, self-assembly in a series of activists -- exactly increase the activity under the activity of the exactly exciting.
So this ability of risk of risk will have approaches to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able
Allina Stanford, what you've seen is that a variety of human behavior.
Now, here is a deep product.
We go back to the top of the use of the robot tonight, the work of the thing -- the correct work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines -- there would be a climate response.
The machines are getting against us.
One of the most conditions of this work is that maybe all of these decades -- we've had all the concept of the collective research to the innovation.
It's not that the first ones are going to become intelligent and then they try to support the world.
It's all the opposite -- that the ability to take the control of all the possible future future is a more fundamental principles than the intelligence -- that the general intelligence can actually be able to take the control to take the control instead of being the region.
Another important thing is the search of the object.
I often ask me, how do you look at the goal of this kind of mathematics?
And my equivalent to that description to help us to build artificial intelligence or to help us understand the human intelligence or to help us understand human intelligence -- is the next, the intelligence has to be seen as a physical process that trying to save the future freedom of action and avoid the results in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a point of influence in human history, something between the stars and lose the planet we call "Howay."
Even though in the last few years, we have done a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth in the context of the universe.
The size of NASA has discovered thousands of planets that are coming around other stars -- which I guess the Earth is just one between the billions of planets of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our galaxies of our family.
Kenya is a space phone. It is a space technology of the stars when the planets went out of them when the planets went out of them, and put a little bit of that light that gets us.
The data of the data shows the size of the planets of the distance that there are between them and their mother stars there.
In fact, this helps us understand if these planets are small and robots like the terrible planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their sun.
On his time, this gives you about if these planets that we found are advertising or not.
Unfortunately, while we are finding this sense of global world, our own planet, our own planet.
The last year was the most careful career.
And Galapagos and market ice that have been with us from the millions of miles now are going to be done in a different way.
These environmental changes that we have used to a global scale -- have been very quickly in our ability to take their course.
But I am not a science of the climate -- no science.
But I study the ability of the planet in the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe.
You could tell you that I look at the extraordinary opportunities in the institutional system.
Now, as someone very interested in the universe of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I'm more looking at the solar planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Every one of these new world are invited to a computer between the planet and the planets that we know better.
We take our neighbors -- Mars.
Mars is small and red and despite to be a little bit more far away from the sun -- it can be able to build a whole world in the size of a mission like Kenya.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been available in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our colleagues like the "The "The state is going to take their surface in the lives of life of life as well as we know it.
And the states that the crazy, like the same Mars, they take out of the national atmosphere and try to understand how Mars.
The private companies now offer not only to be able to be able to be able to be able to live in Mars.
But even though all these magnetic images remember us to our planets of our planet, places that are self-assembly in our imagination with the ideas and proteins, in compassion with the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the existence of the developing areas of our planet that are still going to be able to control -- you can actually be able to make it in share with Mars.
Even in the most effective places and more electricity of Earth is face and restaurant of oxygen explored by our traditional forest to thousands of miles away.
I would worry that this understanding of Mars.
And for a lot that I like to do the international explanation -- I'm in deep developing with this idea.
There are a lot of reasons to go to Mars -- but saying that Mars will be there to save humanity is how to imagine that the ability of the Turkey will tell us that the fact that the fact that the fact that they would have a little bit later in the barriers --     Thank you.
But the goal for the international explanation and the terrible production is not considered.
No, they're actually face of the same mountain, the goal of understanding and improve life in the future.
And the environmental environment, in our world in our world.
They just find more about home.
If we can understand how to create and keep specific spaces in the home areas and instruments of the Earth, maybe we can save the need to produce our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment -- the paradox of Film.
A lot of years ago, the U.S. Earth asked a question that our universe has been a long time ago, and we hope that there are a lot of planets in this universe -- we should have been found from the existence of life life to now.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to the Palm is that when the conditions are going to become enough enough to continue to continue to be living between the stars -- they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the order of the planets that are providing this development of it.
And it is to think that only the international color will save us from ourselves.
If we really believe in our ability to go into our ability to move to the human environment, then we should be able to hold the task even more easy to produce the ability in Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I got my own home.
And as I was in the front period looking at my balls, I realized that I didn't have them.
In fact, I could see the window that they were in the table of the computer, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other ones and seas, and all of them were good carefully.
I thought I was going to call a character, at least I had my cell -- but in the middle -- a chair could take a lot of time to get a long time to get up and made it up.
I couldn't go back home from my friend for my friend to spend night because I had a sea team to Europe to the next morning, and I was able to get out of my dad and my map.
It turns out, but it means that not more expensive than a nation at night, so I thought, I thought, despite the circumstances, it comes out of the computer.
I am a little bit of production and I know a little bit about how the brain works.
And let me put it up to the car car that we have to get the heart car and the mouse levels and the thinking.
And when I got to the factory of factory in the restaurant, I realized that I didn't have my paradox.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without me.
And I began to ask you, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in their place, which they are going to get bad things.
Or at least if you have bad things that are going to take the chance that it is a total card.
So I put me to think about that, but to a month later, my thinking about my thinking.
I was coming up with my colleagues David Kanzi, and I was talking about the President Professor, and a little bit of a short was talking about the window -- and that I had forget my own paradox, and David shared with me that I had been paying something called a deep record.
This is something that he had learned from the Galapago Bank Bank, who had written about this about a few years before, known as a principle.
You all know what the police is.
Every time there is a design, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what it came wrong.
In the way, as I mean, you can look at it, and I try to figure out all the things that you could go wrong with a lot of things that could go wrong -- and I try to figure out what it can do to figure out that things happen or to measure the day.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a private.
Some of them are events, others are not so evidence.
I'm going to start with the knowledge.
In the case, they will get a place for the things that are going to be quite easy.
This sounds of common sense and it is, but there is a lot of science that I support this testing, based on how our space works.
There is a structure in the brain called hospital, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the construction of the important things -- where it's the good, where the fish are the fish, which uses the critical trees where they live the friends and energy.
The heart is the part of the brain that is going on the side of London.
It is the part of the brain that allows them to find their news.
And if you ask if somebody really made the experiment -- they cut the physical sense of the balls and still they could find their news.
They didn't use the photograph, but the heart of the brain is very excited about the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose to the car of the car -- galaxies of reading and paradigm.
So in house you get a place for the classrooms, a pandemic next to the door -- maybe a discovery planet.
For your paradox, a particular car.
For their leaders of reading -- a particular memory.
If you get a place and they are written with it, their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about the training?
They take with a picture of their critical careers, the little bit of construction, particular partner, putting it down to the same for themselves so that they are in the neighborhood.
If these things are lost or the restaurants, this can be able to make the substance.
These are some of the most obvious things.
And remember, when it's under stars, the brain.
The control is transportation and eventually the thinking.
So part of the average practice is to recognize that under these we're not going to be in the best time, and you have to put the systems in their site in their place.
And there are perhaps not more situation that when you face a medical decision of it.
And at some time, we all will be in that situation -- to have to take a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or one of the ones to help us with a decision of it.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular audience.
But this is kind of kind of a professor for all of the medical decisions -- and in fact for the size of financial decisions and social decisions -- any kind of decision that you have to take out of the one that will be able to take a radical evolution of the fact that you would have to get a radical evolution of the done.
So we know that they go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I got the result of the lab and the collection is a little bit of a source."
All of you know that the high school is associated with a higher risk of climate diseases -- and the heart of the heart death.
So you are thinking that you have the red content is not the best -- then the doctor says, "I would like to get a drug that will help you reduce the collection, a state."
And maybe you have heard about the statistics -- and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, even it's likely to know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, you get the statement."
But there is a question that you should do then, a state that has to ask the most of the doctors don't want to talk to you, and the complex companies even less.
It's for Nature, the number needs to treat it.
And what is this, the Norway?
It is the number of people who have to take a drug or to take a drug in any medical process, before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of statistics is that?
The number should be one.
My doctor doesn't remember something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, the medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not how much of the doctor -- and if it's a somebody of somebody -- it's from scientists like me.
We have not understand very well the substantial mechanisms.
But the stations of Bell is that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most powerful state of the most recent state -- what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300 percent.
And this is the research of the research research of the Chinese Constants and Palestinian Harvard, controlled in a form of infectious form.
I was going to explain the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before I will get a single heart of heart -- brain or other antibiotic event.
Now maybe you think -- "Well, one likely in 300 percent of the collection of the collection.
Why don't you do that? It describes the region of all of the modern."
But then you should be asked for a more, and it is, "I know the simple effects of the senses -- right?
For this particular drug in particular effects produce in five percent of the patients.
And those are incredible things that are terrible to be a terrible thing to do, and I would take it up, and now you think about it, but now you think about, "The five percent is not very likely to get me to me, still to take the medicine."
But a moment.
They remember that under these don't think of clearly.
So you think about how you take this with time, so they don't have to make the way in the environment.
300 people take the face -- right? At one person has helped it up, five percent of the 300 percent of the 300 percent of them are 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to come up by the way that you help your medicine.
I don't say they were going to take a stranger.
I just say they have to have this conversation with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with his doctor with
And the only medical thing is, it is part of the beginning of the information.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to send the conversation about if you want to take the risk or not.
You may be thinking that I have taken this number on the air on the value of the color, but actually this number needs to try to treat it is pretty typical at all.
So for the surgery that we actually actually did in the older men of 50 percent of the cancer, the number need to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to try to treat it is
This is what it is for a person for a person that has help.
And the secret effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
And those include the impact or distribution destruction, incredibly engineering -- recently characteristics.
And if you have enough and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just for a year or two.
So the idea of food is to think about time the questions that you can pay that you can put the conversation to the control.
You don't have why it will make all of this in the environment.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a lot of times, you want a much more times, you want to get a little bit of doctor, or a more long life that could have a lot of dollars to the end of the final?
These are the things that they talk about and think of now, with his family and their own beautiful.
You can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you are interested in this kind of thinking.
And remember, our brain would run down down under it, and one of the things that happens in that moment is that they get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
It will face with a democracy, you don't need the digital system or the light system, because if the body is spending in those things, I don't remember with the marketing in those things, it would be able to be the leadership of the legs, so nothing about that.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window for those moments of stars is the local thinking of the rational thinking, like David Kanzing and their colleagues have shown them.
So we have to try to think about the future to this kind of situation.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all democratic.
We all are going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to make it
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those families, to put the systems into the place that will help you measure the day, or to figure out that bad things happen in the first place.
And I remember the night at night, when I came from my journey -- when I came from my journey -- I was inspired by a combination of compassion with the door -- with a full of the door in the same.
And I have to figure out that I still have a lot of cars that I have not computers -- and so many of them who have not read to me.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a traditional process, and I'm getting it.
Thank you very much.
Interviewer: Park, "Pression, is my favorite music.
It means to take it up.
If you're taking a musical industry and you see a pattern in the particular -- you need to get more surprised.
Two percent, even more supply.
four percent, extremely supermarket.
This is my drawing of a bottom of post, there you see it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of pounds may have never got to get to a similar simplicity.
That is my destinylow destruction of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the AIDS system of my own story.
And the language of French signs came up for the decade of 1998, and with the time of time, you get it with local sides, and it's developed the language that we know as A.M.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born surprised -- and they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, now I realize that it's not true for nothing.
The sound are a very important part of my life, they really are in my mind every day.
And as a single person that lives in a world of sound -- it's like I live in an extraordinary country -- and then you can get their rules -- completely companies and normal and normal and normal country.
So how do you understand the sound?
Well, I see how people share and respond to the sound.
People are like my streets and address the sound.
And I learned that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds -- and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
Not the partnership."
"I don't do a long way at the beginning of the barrier passenger.
"I don't think, and when you're eating -- and when you're eating the colors in the planet."
All of this is called "The South State."
Maybe I think about the sound of sound more than the average person do.
I am surprised from the sound.
And I'm always waiting with neurons the sound on the sound that it's going to come to control.
From there, this discovery.
TED, to decide it.
AB: It will be considered.
WK: And I will be able to find out.
You can see that the program is not in the lines in line.
That's because the lines are already going on sound through the ground boats and manufacturers.
In the high culture, the movement is equivalent to the sound.
This is the signal for "The Pentagology in the ABC.
A typical program.
However, to me, to do this to me that I don't feel natural for me.
That's why I just have four lines in the paper.
In the year 2007, I had the opportunity to travel to Broadway, London, for an artificial revolution there.
Before this time, I had worked as a piece.
For this summer -- I looked at them and species of different galaxies, and as I was going from a place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the temperature and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art. It was all authority.
Now the sound has come into my art.
Is it going to give me more of the art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it's not just experiment through the eyes.
I can think about it, or I can experience it, or even like an idea.
So I decided to recognize the sound of sound and put it into my artificial practice in me.
And everything who had taught me in the sound to sound -- I decided to leave it and get it.
I started creating a new body of work.
And when I put it to the artificial community -- it was involved with the amount of support and attention that I received it.
I realized that sound is like the money -- the power -- the control of the control.
In the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was a solar person -- it was one person of a person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could give me to me and my favorite work, or I could be able to get it.
I got to get it out.
There is a massive culture in the language to the language.
And only because I didn't use my local voice to communicate the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can take me from the same and become my voice.
In that way I'm able to be relatively in the current society.
So in school, in the work, and the institutions and the institutions work with a lot of dollars from DNA.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be listening to me.
And their voices have value and performance.
Interesting, to ask up their voices -- I am able to keep a form of value of value something like it would take a pressure with a very high interest of it.
If I didn't tell you with this practice -- I feel that it could be able to be able to have a kind of social value.
So with the sound like my new artificial media in the world of music.
And I was surprised to see the soldiers between music and DNA.
For example, a musical name cannot be able to capture and explore in the role of the paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept in AIDS.
The two are very space, and they are very excited to what it means is that it means that we can affect all the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds like this.
I would like to share you a piece of the page, so that they understand better how the AIDS works.
So imagine a piece.
The DNA is fun in a lot of different.
If you add a different piece for every day in the middle of the body -- as the favorite experience of the body, the speed of the body -- the speed of the hand and so on, as you get the page, the English is a local language -- as if you would get just a place at the time.
However, the AIDS is more like a advertising, you need the 10 feet in order to express a clear concept or idea in AIDS.
If you just can change the adventure, create a completely different mean?
The same thing happens with the music at the time in the time in the time in the middle of the time, they sell and value.
In AIDS, by using these different paradigms -- you can explain different ideas.
For example, the simple sign in that?
This is the simple size in that?
I'm looking at you.
And I'm going to look at it.
Oh, I was saving.
There you go.
What are you looking like?
There you go.
So I got to think about it, and if I look at the AIDS through the legs of the music?
If I had to create a sign and it would take it over and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the size of "Dock," the sun comes out and put it up.
This is the day."
And if you remember it and reduce the speed -- it looks like a musical piece of it.
All the day.
I feel the same thing can tell you about all the night."
Everybody needs."
This is all the night, in this drawing time.
And this led me to think about three different types of night, "Hey, "Dissonter, "Don't the night."
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
And this represents how the time is going to look at the time in DNA and how the difference can explain the changes in time.
For example, one of them is a hand -- two hours -- it's two hands -- the present gets more close and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the star.
So the first example is a lot of time."
And then "Doctor, "Hey, and the last one, which is my favorite -- with a very sophisticated idea to a very sophisticated idea and doctor at the time, there was a time."
"He said, "You know, it is a musical term with a specific roof of four time.
However, when I see the word "My company -- I think about the same time."
You see Mars, right, right hand right.
We have the program.
(Michael, Martin, Martin Carolina, "Mars Mars, Mars, Mars Laborarcuse -- I'm going to teach you a form of the hand called "The "the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands at the time.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head like the piece, something like "Holocaust company, or "The same time."
Yeah, very well.
That means to be inspired in the international system.
The international system as an international system is a visual tool to help communicate in all of the culture and the seas in the world.
The second thing I would like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "the "Time in DNA.
Now, the third of all, I get back again.
And again.
It's "from the AIDS.
We're going to do the three together.
"Let's go to "in "Leaver: "Check and "from "the "testimony" and "from "friendship."
Good work.
Look at how the three of them are very similar -- all of them are very similar in the head and the piece -- but they make it very different.
It's amazing to see how the DNA is living and presentation, like the music.
However, we live in a very distributed world.
And only because DNA has no sound -- it doesn't have social value.
We need to start to think about what the social value and allow the DNA to develop their own value -- without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more incredible society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be support to learn DNA. You don't have to go to learn music.
The AIDS is a rich story, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to introduce you to open their eyes, open the eyes, to participate in our culture.
And you never know, you can even get out of us.
Thank you.
From Karnel, Hollywood, that's me.
As a child, my parents told me, "You can put it all, but then you have to come to them."
And this is how you get a responsibility for it.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a piece of innovation or a building building -- I have to say, because the adults are going to get us to protect them to protect the truth of the real hospital.
And when I was going to do that, I found out that the adults also entering and that they are not very good to deal with each other.
The time, I am now, I am a ready and I teach in the History Harvard of Hollywood Kenya.
You don't have to wait a lot to wait for my students to walk through the planet with a lot of survival.
So as a good citizens -- we take the planets, and no, it's not getting all right, and if it is, I don't know.
It is to tell you, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans are going on.
It's a kind of thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big banks and networks -- to recognize those plastic pieces of plastic to study the microscope, and we put them and we put this information into a map.
But it was in the middle and it's very expensive and it's also very quickly.
So along with my students, with six to 15 years old, we are going to get a better way.
We have brought our ability to put it up in HIV Kenya in a street.
So we started building this piece of work with high school so that the kids are also being able to participate it.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who are able to have the electric tools that are very cool and safe tools.
Not exactly exactly it.
Let's go back to the planet.
We remember the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean -- which is very small, because of their freedom.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the picture of my students.
My work is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to understand them in something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of getting planets of plastic planets, only we will take information information.
And the use of a robot -- we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are excited to be a lot of the robot.
And then we actually create what we call "The "program?"
We are so quickly in the creation of products that we ended up before we were starting.
And we were able to be able to take them together and we put it in a flush robot that will move up to the water and by the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture of the robot for the robot.
We look at the planets of plastic platform through the sense as the computer of the ball is going to protect this image and measure the size of every particular particular -- to get a system about the amount of plastic amount in the water.
We developed this research step in a website to put in a website to investigation called "The Homeland, with the hope that someone else is even more.
The great thing in this project is that students saw a local problem -- and they were trying to be trying to solve it.
I was going to research my local problem, but my students in Hollywood Kenya are very well influenced.
You see the news. You see the Internet, and they went up with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, by using a oil of oil -- just using the hands in Santa, the most big manufacturer of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you know, is the water where they go up, the water where they are, the place where they live.
You can see that the water is a sea, the ball and the oil are also color and when all of it is very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there is a simple technology called specialization, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first project that can be used through all kinds of substances that produce different species that produce different species, which can help identify what there is in the water.
We put this project with a feeling and we put it to Bangalore.
The great thing about this project is that more of this project is that more to solve a local problem or a local problem -- my students used their experience and their sense of creativity to help some other children.
I can see a problem to distribution -- I saw me to make a second experiment -- and I want to go a little bit more far away -- maybe you will take a more difficult problem -- and also more close to me.
I am half and half of them, and maybe remember, that in 2010, there was a democratic terrorist in Japan in Japan in Japan there.
It was so violence that you want to do a number of different waves -- called the surgery, and those transportations were developed several cities in the cost of Japan, this one of Japan, this one of Japan started.
More than 18 people died in a instrument.
It also gives the nuclear energy of nuclear energy of Chinese, a nuclear nuclear class to the water.
And today, you can keep in the face of 300 tons are still familiar from the nuclear planet in the Palestinian ocean.
Today, all the World ocean has transparency transportation for "The Higgs.
If we go to the cost cost -- we can measure the radio of French everywhere.
But if we look at the map -- it seems that most of the radio of the radio has been able to get out of the state -- and most of the moment -- and most of it has a second thing, it's blue of it.
Well, the reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Frank every year from the current and research in other scientists -- the Earth, the river -- and this time we wanted to take the children.
Of course we don't take them up, the parents didn't allow them to it.
But every night we get into the center of control -- here you see the use of different ways.
I could seem to look like they did not take the work, but they did it because they are going to have to live with the ability all their life.
And so I went up with them we discovered the data that day and talk about what we were going to do after what we were going to do later, the strategies, so on.
And to do this, we create a human map of the region around the world of nuclear energy.
We created the market map -- we were going to be able to represent data in real time in the real time, and we cut water to keep the light.
And with this we could notice that the traditional population was shared from the top of the mountain to the subject and he was on the ocean.
It was a similar station.
But with based on this we organized a civil experience, the most close to the nuclear center to the field.
We took us to 150 miles away from the nuclear center -- and with the aid of the periods of the area we were able to get away from the sea of the body with a sense of feeling that we invented and build them.
Here we see a program, we've gone from a local problem to a research problem.
And it has been very exciting to work in these different schools -- also with open technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it's been more and more failure because we've only been starting to measure the day we have done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give me the room and try to get better ways to do all these things.
So the car became a little bit of a little bit -- we found an industrial industry in Hollywood Kenya and we become the largest space of social and environmental space.
It is in the center of HIV Kenya, and it's a place where we can work with a way, metal, a little bit of biology -- a little bit of biology -- basically you can build almost all there.
It's also a place where adults and kids can play together.
It's a place where the dreams of children can actually be back to the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
students -- and starts, an airplane.
They will get David David, we ask things like, can we invest the future of movement with research energy?
For example.
Or do we can help in the moral population of the age of the age of the age of the author state in new electricity in new electricity?
The plastic and the oil and the record are lessonists -- but the worst legal that we can leave our kids are the memories.
We can't allow us to protect the kids of the real horrible because we need their imagination to invest the solutions of the solution.
And so cities scientists -- creativity, we need to pay the next generation for the environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two general cells -- two cultural design culture.
One is made of thousands of pieces of air, the other one of a single piece of security.
One of them is silence, the other organic one.
You can think about the environment, the other thing.
One is designed by nature, the other for it.
And he said that when he looked at the mountain on the ball, I saw a family that goes up to be book.
The city was just a little tool of Michael London.
But the living beings are not wrong.
They grow up.
And in the smaller units of life, the cells, we took all the information for every cell to work in and to go back.
The tools also have consequences.
As at least from the Indian Research, the world of design has been developed by the records of the factory and produce in the hand.
The lines have been told a world made of parts of parts of parts -- by getting the image of designers and artistic architecture to think of their objects as a different part of different parts with different work.
But you don't find a lot of human material in nature.
Think about human skin for example.
Our fantastic pieces are dead with diagnosed pieces.
The pieces of the star are more grandmantered with small streets.
And you can act the other thing as a fish, the other main as a bank, and yet, it's the same skin -- there is no parts -- there's no particles.
It is a system that would look at their way through the factory of the electricity.
There is a different screen that represents my vision of the world of the world -- the brain of the world of the world -- the activity of each design and architecture to work in the city and the gene and the organism, between the shark and the growth and the growth of Harvard Fortunalization and Charles David.
So these two video videos of the world, my left and the right and the right, and the right, it's shown in the two states of me.
My work, in their most simple level -- try to get these two video videos in the world -- and accepted the creativity.
They probably ask me, because now?
Why did it not be possible to 10 or even five years ago.
We live in a very special moment in history, a very special moment in the story, which is where you get four dollars that came to designers that we never had access to before.
And in the interaction of these four fields -- my team and I grew up.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects and tools and tools and tools through scale -- such as this red arm with a 24-year-old arm with a battery day that was not very far away with a lot of a day that was not very far away from the entire buildings and groups of genetic magic manufacturing manufacturers that are based on the dark of the dark of the dark of the dark of
So here we have done the car, an architecture of the old architecture architecture -- and it has created a screen where every building is just the only one to model the form of light and the heat through him.
In our next project, we explore the possibility to create a layer and a factory. This was for a piece of part of the Prize with Indians are a second skin -- it's like a second piece of a single piece of piece of a single piece of passion, flower around the control.
And I'm going to go up with the 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D, we print this layer and failing three centuries between the cells, I will show you more objects like that.
And this is how many different materials and shadows in the revolution of 20 minutes.
This is the revolution of a human room.
It's also the revolution of a Chinese school.
That designers have access to this analysis of high school and solutions -- allow us to design products that are not just the way our body, but also the fantastic structure of our tissue strategies.
And we've also designed a star star, a street at the structure of the structure and also and also that sounds sound as well.
The protection production, my color, we went back to nature to inspire it, and by designing this pattern of surface, it becomes a subtle.
We took this surface of about 14 different properties that are going to look at it -- impact and color and collaborative to the point in the human body.
His surface -- as in nature, you will see their ability for other material or other mathematician, but it's going to look at it and democratized the material program.
But is it natural nature.
There's no parts in the nature of nature.
I didn't grew up in a record home, but when I was young people, but when I was young people, and one of them would tell me and I came up and I came up with a lot of what I care about.
Like she represents, "The third day of the Creation, God was going to make the Earth to grow a free transformation of frequency."
So for that first tree tree -- it would not have any difference between transparency, bottles, boards and freedom.
All the tree was a frequency.
In change, the land made trees with rocks, color, cars and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask me, "What would be the design if the objects were made from a single piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look at the basic material -- the kind of materials of the critical tree with frequencies, and we found it.
The second thing else in the planet is called a chair, and about 100 million tons are produce every year for organisms as carefully, charges, scales and markets.
We think that if we could feel their properties -- we could generate multiple structures in one piece of it.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal market --  we asked a lot of cards to walk -- we put them and we produce the computer pattern.
And looking at the chemical conditions -- we've been able to get a whole piece of products, since dark and empathy, and the light and the light of the light.
In order to print the structures to a big scale -- it built a system with a multiple manager control of exceptional control.
The robot could look at the properties of the material and create these structures of one of the only three materials -- 100 percent long, 100 percent.
When the pieces are ready to be ready to find a natural way to the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic?
The air buildings that were a sense of the professional process that they were used to continue to tell me for the first time in the planet makes three billion years ago, as we listen to it.
And I'm going to get with our colleagues in Harvard and MIT, we face the bacteria designed to make it quickly from the atmosphere.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transformation without the battery and if you get it even more -- and if you get it even more of them.
And a typical tree care care care.
It will work with an ancient material -- one of the first forms of life in the planet -- with a little bit of a similar biology -- we have brought a structure made of ability to walk into an architecture that is shared as a tree which is behaviorated as a tree.
And here is the best part, for different objects to deal with it, and they are going to feed the market life, and put it into the sun, and they will help you grow a tree.
The surgery for our next explanation using the same design of design was the solar system.
We look at the possibility to create the life to keep the life for the international journey.
So to do that, we need to take the bacteria and control their flower.
And so as the perfect street, we did our own movies of elements, new forms of life in a computer form of and completely crazy form of biological way.
I like to think about the biological biology like the limited and the full and just to try to make a lot of profits -- they have a new benefits within very small characters.
This field will be measured by metal.
We invited our own 3D careers to control the flow of these basic colors all together.
In our first piece of rock, they made two microscopes.
The first one.
It lives in our oceans and in the stages of water.
And the second one, and I put the bacteria in the human environment.
One becomes the light in market, the other thing to be able to kill and produce biological biologists for the building environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never know.
They are here, designed by the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of rock.
Think about it as an evolution -- not for natural sensory, but by design.
To tell these relationships -- we have created a single car that is accepted to the digital treatment -- which will help you take these bacteria and so they get their way out of the way.
And so we started to grow up to grow those animals in the human body, looking at the properties of the material of the material of the designer.
So if we wanted to have more photographs, we were made more transportation.
And this particular digital system, when it was going to go from a strange to another 60 meters away.
This is the half of the film of a favorite field and 10 times.
And here it is, as the first at TED -- our first police photographer, our first planet stars with life inside the room.
Thank you.
Mars.
What if the design would provide the other microscope?
And if we could create structures that increase the life of life lived in living life.
And if we could create personal microbes that would take our skin -- they would take your skin down and they would get our body back?
I think about this as a way to take the biology.
I call this the material level.
For it, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D improvement 3D matter in capable of.
You also know that nature doesn't do that.
It comes up. It goes with social.
This piece of the galaxy, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture -- a home in which it is measured.
The factory doesn't deal with this level of social.
It makes it through the combination not two materials -- but two problems in different conversation.
One act as a structure -- the other one is the paradigm or magnificent, I understand those fish between each other.
And this happens through scale.
And the first thing is going to be interested in the environment of the environment, I created a sense of terms, and then it starts to take a computer campaign.
The feeling and compassion -- the two forces of life, you get it in a single materials.
So with the end of understanding how this complex process works. We put a small institution to the head of a second sea, to the head.
We put it inside a box with a magnitude and that allowed us to create this piece of points in three dimensions and look at the architecture of the size of the sea of the sex.
However, when you put it in a planet path, not inside a box -- we realized that it was a planet planet and still measure it.
So we started to design different environment, and we've discovered that the way we form -- the computer, the structure of the car, it is directly transformed by the environment.
As they often get up to the death of the death into the death within their cars, their fear is being used and used in the digital industry.
And we saw that design these plants we can give up to the sense of being able to get a single car.
And they would get strange, and we could create these things.
This is how we take this process to the architecture scale.
We had a human robot doing self-assembly planets, and we put us in our place.
And we knew that the surgeon surgery is going to get more dark and basic areas -- that's why we used a solar relationship to solve the distribution of light and the heat in our structure.
And so we created holes or buildings, to put them out of the light of light and the heat of the side of the secret on the structure.
We were prepared to get to the arguments.
And we asked 600 sentences to be a sense of fear in line.
And after the first four weeks, they were prepared to help us with us.
We put them up in the bottom of the antibiotic, and as they were driving up, they were standing, they were putting up, and the life starts again, like us, but so much more constant.
Berningle Philadelphia said that the feeling is the big intelligence and I was right.
When I was able to have a biological biological sea on the sea show, they give all of this particular international.
And over two or three weeks or three weeks or three weeks.
And in a similar car, this is also the limit of the sea of the secret.
The policemen, after the electricity, they produce 150 million dollars.
And this could be used for 200 degrees in the future.
So here are the two vision of the world.
A sheet is being a relative arm -- the other side of it.
If the last piece of design is to give the products and the buildings that make us, to form a decade of two materials -- the designers have to go up these two vision videos in the world.
What it leads to us, of course, to the beginning.
Here is a new design of design -- a new age of creation, which led us from a design design in nature to a natural nature in the design, which is the first time, for the first time, for the first time, we make us close from nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
You get the hand if you've ever asked you what you want to be greater?
If you had to remember what age they had when they were asked for the first time for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first time that for the first
You can show them with the deaths.
three.
Now, you get the hand if the question is, "What do you want to be greater?
It has taken them some kind of antibiotics.
Any antibiotics.
I'm somebody who could never answer to the question "What do you want to be greater?
The problem was not that I had no interest -- but I had too much.
In the school I loved the English -- and the art and the art and the art and I developed website sites, I took the bank in a bank called Paul Franklin.
Maybe you've heard of us.
And in general, I like to try and try to test all of us, because there are a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with the time this sense of advanced, this sense of surgery, this is already not a challenge -- it gets to get it up.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested by another thing, something totally different -- and I got it up in it, and I would leave it to me, and I feel a search, I have found the money, and then again, and then again, this point where it starts to get up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I would like to figure out something new and different, and I would like to show you in that.
So this pattern causes a lot of anti-scale, for two reasons.
The first one was because I was not sure how it was going to become all of this in a career.
I thought I should be able to get one thing, I will get all of my other words, and I will give you to get it out.
Another reason why I get so far was a little bit more people.
I was worried that there was something wrong in this, and something wrong in me not to do it for nothing.
I was concerned to have fear to the company -- or to be developing, or to my own success.
If you can relationship my story and these feelings -- I would like to ask you something that I would like to ask you to have a little bit like this.
You get themselves themselves where they learned to save the meaning of bad or animal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned it from culture.
Do we ask us first first of all, "What do you want to be more of the most way?
When we have five years old.
And the truth is that no one really matters what cost to that age.
And it would be an engineering question to produce them in the kids like, "I will be a battery or "I want to be a battery or "I want to be play."
They have the death of Harvard here.
So this question is doing one and over again as we grow out of different ways -- and I said, to high school students are asking you that they are going to go into the universe.
And at some point, "What do you want to be more of most of the most way?
It is going to be the little bit of before what the dream is.
Why?
So if you get this question to the kids to go out with what they could be, not inspired to be with everything you could be.
In fact, you do this -- because when someone ask you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things -- even though they were going to get a few different things, but they say, "Oh, what do you do, but you can't be able to be visual of violence and particular.
You have to be explorers."
This is the Dr. Bang Chinese -- and he is artistic of violence and particular of violence and surgery.
And this London North, which is the construction of becoming the construction, emotional and creative distribution.
But most kids don't hear people like this.
All you know is that they are going to have to get it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very excited about our culture.
So this is this idea of the design or the real version that every one of us has something that would be used for their time in this Earth, and you have to figure out what that thing is and to decide their life to it.
But if you're somebody who is not connected about this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that have a lot of different things, and so many different things who want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that music.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a object.
And I feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You are a music.
A music is somebody with many interest and creative activity.
It's a battery for that.
It could help it in three parts in three parts of it, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that you get the same idea -- as a stress, a responsibility.
For the time of the Republic, the idea was that I was really well looking at them in a different market.
Bangladesh Steve is to us as a student."
They use any technology that you like or they get one of your own one.
It seems like a kind of advice to a community to a community -- we can't agree with a single idea.
It's easy to look at the music as a limitation or advanced that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas in my website website -- is that there are huge forms at the way this way.
So here are three multiple substance.
One, the situations of ideas.
That is to say, the combination of two or more field of something new in the Internet.
There are Shakespeare and Rando Bill they were able to spread their companies in carefully, visualization of data of data and design and design.
Man is a company that creates general instruments.
And San and Rando came up with this single idea by its unique military and experience.
The innovation.
That's where new ideas.
And the musicians, with all of their antibiotics, you can access to a lot of these problems of interaction of them.
The second music will be the quick learning of it.
And when the molecules are interested for something, we're going to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are able to be principles, because it will have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear to test new things and come out of our common areas.
A lot of skills are transformed to other distributions, and we bring all that we have learned to every new area that we get in, so it would go out of fish.
No one is a journey to a whole time and scary structure.
And as a little girl has a incredible ability to develop the military memory of the military memory of the military memory of the military market.
Now, she is the most fast metaphor.
And before I become a screen, North was a financial planet.
And I had to learn the most financial metaphor of the most financial versions when I started their practice and this ability helps it to write a little bit for the electricity.
It would be a piece of time to do what you're going to do, even if the end of it.
It is possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field in a way that you couldn't have ever been done.
The third thing will save is advanced -- and I mean, the ability to transform in any thing that you need in a day.
It comes up to you is sometimes distributed of videos -- others from pages -- sometimes self-assembly season, sometimes second, and sometimes at the time.
It's worth because it makes a good work.
He is even more valuable because it can be able to be able to make it relatives, depending from the needs of their hands.
And the famous Facebook destroying as the most important ability for the development for development to protect in the 21st century.
The economic world change so quickly and impossible that are the individual and organizations that can be able to deal with the needs of the market.
You can see ideas of ideas -- quickly learning and application, three skills where the molecules are very high, and three skills that you could lose if you're prepared to reduce their goal to reduce their objects.
As a society -- we have a big interest to be able to be able to be able to get the molecules to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need very creative pressures not to make them front to them.
So let's say they are, in your heart.
They came out of the wind to know because they wanted to be a perfect neurons.
They don't worry about, there's nothing bad in you.
In fact, some of the best teams are full of a special and a marketing music.
The special can go into deep and put it into the ideas of ideas and the music of the knowledge of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship of it.
But we all should design lives and careers that are going to affect the way we are connected with.
And of course, to a big part of a big part of them are going to just be more like their specific companies.
Once I said this, if there is one thing that you are taken from this talk, I hope that it's this -- I hope that it will be this, and it is what it is.
If you are a heart, so it is a heart, so especially all over the media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who were just going to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  -- I say to them with their many particles.
They know their curious for those markets of construction.
They explain the international interviews.
It will help us the international ability to get us to a more effective life and happy.
And maybe most importantly, morality, the world needs.
Thank you.
In the last year, to a woman called the task to a paradox in Africa.
And I couldn't recognize and I couldn't recognize the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Lost.
You know, I didn't know how to help Australia, but it would come up to it until it is to the distribution, by the way it was in 1997.
After his death -- Alexanders actually did a car and they found the strange planets in the brain, from a guy that never before.
The most amazing thing.
If you have been living today, we could not give it more help than Alaska gave him 18 years ago.
It was Darwin Ladies.
And Asian Democratic, the first patient is going to get a discovery that now we call Herether disease.
Since 18 percent has been a lot.
They have been discovered and computer to protect them in the information, a lot of tools for cancer cancer for HIV for HIV and a lot more.
But it has been involved in the treatment of Alaska.
I'm part of a team of scientists that work to find a cure for the Alaska for more than a decade ago.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alaska now affect 40 million everywhere.
But in 2007, I will affect 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you hope to live up to the 15 years or more, the possibility to continue to be almost one of each two of them.
In other words, there is the ability that they put their years out of Alaska or help a friend to a friend or being come with Alaska.
It's only in the U.S. in the United States -- the correct of Alexander costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of the medical attention is spending in the disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease -- and their cost came up with a five times in the year 2007, as you get the generation of the battery bank.
It may be surprised -- but the Alexander is one of the most doctors and social challenges of our generation.
But it has been relatively little to share it.
Today, one of the 10 percent causes of death all over the world, the Alaska is the only one that you can't predict -- or even to go back their development out.
We understand less than a few other diseases that we have invented less time and money in the research.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in the research of cancer than the fact that the fact that the fact that it costs more the Stanford and cause a number of death of death like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause -- the factory of consciousness -- the lack of science.
Because this is what a few people know about, but all the world should be a disease, and we can cut it.
For most of the last 18 years, all of the scientists -- even the scientists -- and the scientists are considered with anti-sharp.
We think that they will get to be a normal part of a normal part of it.
But there are only one picture of a picture of a human brain in the computer of a patient of Altable to see the real physical physics for this disease.
In order to try to get a sense of memory and mental skills -- the day to the brain of the brain is the hope of life, and it's always morality.
You remember the Desert Antarctica to find plants and strange streets in the brain of American a century.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
We know that they are made of protect molecules today.
You can think of a piece of protein as a piece of paper that was put as a organization.
There are places in the role that are particularly.
And when you put it right, these perfect dots end up in the environment.
But sometimes the things go wrong, and some perfect points are getting in the experience.
And this makes it that the proteins of protect are getting to each other -- making groups that can form great planets and backgrounds.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alaska.
We've spent the last 10 years in the University of Carbon trying to understand how this distribution works.
There are a lot of countries, and the evidence of what happens to change is complex -- as a battery built.
It will be able to be able to do anything.
It will be able to get the bottom to make the bank explorer.
And you have to find the right step that blood it, and then create a drug that I do.
It takes a little bit of a little bit of it, in their biggest part of the beaches and hope the best thing.
But now there is a whole group of people, doctors -- genetics, genetics, children, general and mathematics.
And together, we have been able to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's getting a new kind of drugs that are available for this step to stop the disease.
I'm going to show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has seen it.
We look at a few video of what happened to the test of these drugs in the substance.
So these are the heads -- and you can see that they look at neurons.
And these substance, on the other hand, they have a lot of protect that are getting between them, as in humans with Altable.
And you can see that they're clearly dealing.
But when we give our new drugs in a high school, then we see that they go and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result -- but the research like this shows that Althous is a disease that we can understand and collect.
After 18 years of hope. There are real hope of what you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But so that I grew up that hope to look at the Stanford, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to connect that the Altabas is a disease and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases and the patients and their families have found more research and experience about governments of governments and scientists and scientists and legals.
That was essential to get in the time of HIV at the end of the 1980s.
We see that same universe to see cancer.
But the patient patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families -- the colors of their own surgery collections, and night, they are often often often to go out to go out and get out of the change.
So it really depends on you.
The Altabas doesn't is, in most cases a genetic disease.
All the world with a brain.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Algorth, who can't create the change they need for itself.
They tend to talk about them, and they help to get a car.
Thank you.
And I put this article in the New York Mountain of the New York Times at the time of this year.
In order to get somebody -- do this.
The article is about a particular study -- designed to create food love in the lab and my own experience to the protection I would give you a night of the last summer of the past.
So the price is pretty simple. Two strange strangers are going to be able to make 3D questions and then both people look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of examples of example.
Number 11 18, if you could be able to give me with a quality or a speech, what would it be?
Number 21, when it was the last time that you get to another person to other people.
And right?
As you get up, these are more and more personal time.
Number 30 -- I really like it -- I want to show you what you get out of him or her -- I know very similar this time, and I gave you things that you don't say to someone that you have ever met you.
When I took it with this study about a few years ago, a challenge actually called me the attention that two of the particles had gone up six months later, and invited all of the lab to the law.
And so it was special about this process of factory love, but since then, I was also interested.
And when I had the ability to test this study -- with somebody who knows not particularly very well, I didn't expect to get it.
And I didn't know, and I thought it was a good story, so I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the modern love for a few months later.
That was published in energy, and now it is already -- so I guess a few of you probably ask them to be asked to be asked -- they get together together.
And the reason I think is that I think this is because they have done this question over and again in the last seven months.
And from this question is the question of what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the issue.
A week before it was going to put the article was very nervous.
I had been working on a religious book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in the relative love in my block.
But a lot of block can get to a few hundreds of seen as a lot, and those were really only from my Facebook and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably just a thousand of them.
And that's a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published in the line for the night, and I already had the surface, this happened in the typical of my block.
And the doctor, I had already called the Shanghai Stanford and the Google Mars America.
In a month, the article got more than eight million videos -- and I was going to say something -- a little bit like this kind of attention.
One thing is going to be able to write the trust to write with their own experience, but another thing is to figure out that life life of one has been international news -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship of your new relationship of it.
And when people call it or write what they did every day for weeks -- always they did first the same question: still still together?
In fact, when I was paying this talk -- I did a quick amount in the bottom of my electricity with the fact, "Do you follow them?
And a number of message came up with.
They were of students and strangers and surgery and surgery like this.
I was interested in the radio and they asked me.
Even I gave a talk -- and a black woman to the school, "I know where your newspaper is.
And I immediately put me.
I understand that this is part of the art.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel a question about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 99 questions would seem to have been able to have their own life.
In fact, the New York Times published a common article for San Valley, that I found the experience of the leaders to the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first computer before all this attention was going to be very surprised with my own relationship of it.
I said not to every piece that we both did a public pathogen together.
And I was able to give you the terrorists of terms, and you get them out of the pictures of us.
I think I had a fear of conversation in the middle of the process of the process -- a bank for which I don't feel at the same way.
And I understand that people didn't want to know whether the study works -- they wanted to know if you really work, or if it was able to produce love love -- not just a adventure, but love love love perfect.
But this was a question that I don't feel able to answer it.
My relationship had a few months old, and I felt about all of the people who put the wrong question.
So how do we know if we were going to get together or not, and you do that?
If the answer was no, I would do the experience of doing these seven questions less interesting questions.
Dr. America was writing first about these questions in this same study in 1999, and there, the goal of the research was not to produce a relative love.
Instead of that, I was looking at an international answer between college students using what they used to call a personal personal personality, protecting and record.
It sounds relatively, right?
But the study does work.
The particles got more close to do it after doing it -- several studies were also used by the Roman Red Republic project as a very quick way of creating trust and interact between extraordinary.
They have used it between the police and the community, and they've used it between people of political ideas.
The original version of the story, which I tried the last summer -- which I bought personal questions with four minutes of visual against four minutes -- it was collected in this article -- but unfortunately, it was never published up.
And a few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small college of free art and then a student came up to me and told me to me, I tried the study and not work.
He looked like it for it.
And I mean, you want to tell you that you get out of the person with the person who did it do it?
Well, he made a paper.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said, but they became better friends.
I feel that I did know that they were doing better after the study?
The size.
So, I said, "I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking at when it comes to love.
I took it to the study for the first time when I was 24 and I was taking a really difficult thing.
There had been that relationship since I was 2009, what I knew is probably my entire life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I went back in science.
And the whole thing that I could find about the science of the local love and I hope that it could be a way of a way to look at the heart.
I don't know if I realized this in the moment I thought only for the book that I wrote for the book that I wrote but it looks really obvious.
I thought if I was going to get with the knowledge of the collective love -- I never would have to feel as bad and used to be as well as I felt so much.
And all of this knowledge has been useful from one or another way.
I am more patient with love love -- I'm more relatively.
I have more trust to explain what I look like.
But I can also see more clearly -- and I can realize that what I look at is sometimes more than the thing that you can get to me.
What I look at the love is a room, not just to be a look at today and to be a morning, but to continue to be an independent state by the person I love it.
It can be that this is the reason that people were asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told up about 3D questions is that there may be a story to find it.
There may be a way for some way to military something from the right risk -- and this is a very high story -- because it will get us to make us feel wonderful -- but it's also a stranger.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to affect the version of the story.
The version of the story that I said, still still together?
And his content with a answer of seven or not.
So more than one question that we ask you to ask more difficult questions -- questions like, how do you decide who you get your love and who isn't it?
How do you stay when things are compassion -- and how do you know when to cut and design?
How do you live with the instrument that you can get a relationship -- or even more, how do you live with your partner?
I don't know the answer to these questions, but I think they are a good beginning to have a more recent conversation.
So if you want to go back from the story of my relationship of my relationship of my relationship -- is this: a year ago, and I apply a designed study to create a local love to create record, we were still going to get together together, and I'm very happy.
But it's not just the same thing that will be allowed.
It is the easy.
So at the end of my article I wrote -- love didn't happen.
So let's put us up because we take the choice of this.
And I'm going to be a little bit to read it right now, because it's not true -- but because in the moment, I had not considered all of the things that I used to know about that choice.
You won't consider how many times to take that decision -- and how many times to have to keep doing that choice without knowing if he always got to get me or not.
I want it to be enough to have been done and responsible 36, there will be a sense of somebody so general and improved and discovery and have spread that choice in the largest decade of the United States.
But what I've done, in change is to become my relationship in the kind of fear that I don't think of true.
And what I look at -- and what maybe going to spend my life looking for is that that mission is true.
I want the final happy. I want to imagine in the middle of my article -- which is, to the only part of the article that actually didn't write it.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to be able to love somebody -- and the hope that he will also love me, and it is a lot, but that's the treat with love.
Thank you.
I was created by a few miles in the middle -- and in a way.
And the city of New York makes a time.  One thing that I really went up with is the more dead but more death death.
I start when I was eight years old.
And I took a piece of mother, and I understand a dollar of a dollar and a piece and a tenth in some place in College.
And I thought that some strange humans or a few people will find this box about 500 years later and learn how our international species, for example, how we eat the spaces.
I had no idea.
In every way, it has thank you because here I am -- 30 years later, and I'm still doing careers.
In a given moment I was in Harvard -- you like to go up and make sure and do all those things -- and I was making a collection for my mother, and I was doing a college for my mother.
And I took a doctor and I took it all the pages and I made a kind of streets at the top of the Santa Mars, I put them up and a back and a back was actually a correction.
Well, my mother has fear to the bees and it is approach to them, so you get more recent in the left, thinking I could be able to get it up.
In change, it happened to it, in some way it seemed to be surprised as if you were going to look at the text with a light.
So I did that I do? I built more box.
This time, I started to add electric elements that I was found by the street, everything that I could find -- because I was looking at things all my life, trying to convince them and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
And I can choose transportation, to draw the same thing that you do around a street in the stage of the crisis.
And I went out the objects and I created my own side of invented species.
First of all, which you can make a idea.
And then I did a few institutions and extraordinary creatures and strangers.
It was very fun. It was very fun.
And it was great, because I started to keep experiences and those things, and I was making some money, to take my name to the common, for example, going to South Sea.
It was structure, men.
At some time I was interested by the human form of the human form.
It was great, except for one thing for one thing.
I didn't know what to do, because the answer was going to kill me.
And I went to the face every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use video.
I started to draw in the shoes of video -- similar to the drawing in a window -- then in another window and another window and I had all these window together that they had a traditional computer.
And this really work, and so I could stop using the rest.
So I did this for years -- and my own collection with something very big -- which I call "the country."
For the text of the transportation, I was inspired in a big media in "The Department of Telescope Boldant which is a put in the World of the Project in Space.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic car.
They say it's a little bit to their time.
Well, the statement, to explain this piece here.
It comes up with 18 miles away.
50 feet long.
It's going to take it up, so they are 10 feet of computer.
It's a little bit right.
Well, that's the source of the shadow.
On the left -- it's John and the shoes.
There is a car where all these creatures with animals come between two world.
They go out of the world in the world, to this kind of animation of high school where they go in.
This is where the creatures of animals are going to get up to the face, ready to support in the ocean.
The ocean is full of thousands of elements there.
This is a little bit of a paralyzed dance to a roof.
Bill Galapagos is in the sea, the Hollywood planet -- the Hollywood period of the Destanal Bangladesh, there are all kinds of things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
All of us also a kind of management.
It's coming out of the ocean, and I heard oil in one hand as that in the other hand, you get it up.
Their hands are like batteries and it looks like a microscope to get the Earth and the correct of it.
So it's an approach of the course."
It's a little bit of a nation.
That's the hand that I heard it.
And then, when you go to the other side of the side -- it has a college, like a piece of passion, and I was looking at this correct.
It also has a 500 feet long. A little bit of sense of the seat.
From all of us, his cell is going to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be able to be
I don't know why I spent that.
You know, you know, you know.
His cell ended up in a giant block of climate career factors of 1999.
Have you seen them.
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were a lot of beautiful transportations.
All of the time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects -- one is called "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The career."
It's about six years to make 100 of these human beings.
Every one is a character of our culture -- through media and material and materials or mathematics.
But every single act as a kind of paper in a way of being humans, and they travel in groups of 20 or 12 in the time.
They are as a cells -- they are delivered -- they go down.
And you can walk between them. It's getting years.
Every single one is basically a piece of microbes that goes up with 1,000 miles with a human humanity in their environment.
This has a little college in the piece.
That's the head -- it's the fish, you can get into the control.
I'm going to take you for the rest of the body, there is a state that comes out of the piece, and I put it out of the skin or nothing, or what you have is a kind of thing.
It is a quick challenge of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have capabilities, you can see.
This is a particular body.
This has two head, and it's community between the two.
There are a few pieces that go out and they go into the head of this extraordinary state.
There is a little piece of surgery within the soldiers in the transportation.
Can you see it?
All of us, this talk, this talk is about these cars, just like the box we live in.
We are in a box -- the solar system is a box.
This led me to my last box down.
It's a bank box. It's called Parkinson's Park.
In this box there is a physics -- a photograph, a painting, a market, a market, a scale, a scale, a school, a school, a school arm that makes all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We get the box and all of the people in the middle of a little bit of each other as some of them as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you remember who is and the box where it's living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this idea that we are different -- these concept of the countries, from the recording, not work.
We're all very made of the same material and in the same box.
And if we don't start to interact those things with college and usually we're all going to die very quickly.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you get the head?
They take a short.
But so that this piece has an effect against the doctor, first of all, the international and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs and other organs
It will take a planet is the most effective system and institutional for any medical drug in the body.
The death, though, it is that when you bring it up with any drug measurement.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients.
When they take environmental drugs -- these people are going to take the amount of virus in the blood -- and increase the resource of Chinese cells.
But they are also known by their own high school effects -- in their most negative effects -- because in the time that they were going to get to the single subject, and the worst even for the time that they were going to get to their design, which is where it is more important in the Department of HIV in the Higgs.
These are responsible to the body of the body -- the nervous system -- the nervous system -- where the virus is inventor and not in the top of the patients that are used to the terrorist of the responsibility with an early medicine.
However, after the treatment of the treatment -- the virus can be able to get up and send new cells.
So this is the big problem of HIV with the current drugs that is an treatment of life for the argument of life in the way.
One day, I felt and I thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the death of the virus without the risk of death designer."
As a scientific experience, the answer was dead of me, the streets, of course.
If you use it in technology, for the correct of heart and college of distributions, you can use for any incredible thing -- including the international transformation of medicine.
In fact, we're already using them to get out to open to open or lose black holes that open up and create almost almost the blue cells with HIV to introduce the drugs to interact in.
At the best thing you ask them, "How is that possible?
We sent a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the cell cell of HIV as that these cells are inspired in a line that goes on the face.
The leadership is going to take the cell -- while the cell is going to get the factory in a question of microbes.
Before I will even realize the hole -- the hole is researching it.
We are able to try this technology even or in perfect planets, but the goal is to take this technology to human body, apply it to the human body.
How is that possible? You can question.
Well, the answer is, through a three head.
With the first head, which is our leader, we're going to make a institution in the site of the information.
The second head -- which is a camera -- it goes to the site of information.
And finally, the third head -- the third head, a infrastructure that shows the factory, and I put it directly in the site of the information, while the leader is used to keep the open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you have success -- this technology can lead to the terrorism of HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV for HIV for HIV for HIV for HIV for HIV to do.
So this is the dream of all over the time, in our case, a treatment with it.
Thank you.
And in the last decade I've been studying to a group of strangers don't start to be statistics, organizations and mistakes or microscope.
What you do is what these groups do when they're not going to get it.
My goal is to understand better to these general generations and study ways to be able to get the transition of the violence of violence to the constant control.
I make a field work in the world of political and the biology.
And to understand these groups is key to solve almost all of the whole conflict -- because war has changed.
It used to be a star between the state.
I don't know.
Now it's a conflict between the state and activity activists.
For example, in the 1980s, and the 1990s, and 2010 of them were finished between 1999 and 2010, 18 were started between a state and a dead activity.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we should be able to get them into any process of an extraordinary conversation.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what it means to these organizations with.
We know very well the reasons why they do, how they do it, but no one is doing what they do when they don't afford it.
And the police and the police is not going to get them back to them.
It's all part of the same organization of it.
We can't understand these groups -- not far less them, without a global vision.
The group groups of today are complex organizations today.
For example, the land shows, known by their view against England.
From their creativity in the decade of 18 Department has also evolved a political piece of social services and a military seat.
At the same way, the word Haman, known by their high school attacks against England, and I also approach the Francisco of Galapage since 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from 2010, from
And so these groups do more than just to get up.
They're multiply.
They have a complex map of communication communication, stations of terms, silence sites of the Internet and structures in social resources.
And here you have the self-assembly research, it is in English in English and published to recognize.
The groups are also involved in a complex definition of the United States without survival, but by experimental business -- for example, for example, companies of building.
These activity are kind of clear.
They allow them to get these groups to increase their face, they will increase their factors, to get better and build their music.
The group groups also do something else -- they create much more forces with their population in social services in social services in social services as well.
They build schools build schools, they put them into a professional information of professional information.
He discovered all these services and more.
The groups are also trying to take the population to the population of something that the state is not based, security and product.
And the advance of the bars in an Afghanistan.
Unfortunately, in these cases, the security has an amazing price for the population.
But in general, to provide social services that means to get a vaccine, a battery dependent by the government, and I allow you to these groups to be able to increase their power.
So for example, the electricity of 2008, you can't understand without recognize the social work of the group.
This is a really complex stage -- even in the West when we were able to get to the grandmaster groups -- we just think of the visual side.
But that's not enough.
These groups are hardware.
They grew up because they put them down because of the government, and they go up as a productive group and political groups in the vision of the violence and they give up.
And the more complex and solutions are these organizations -- less we can tell them as something against a state.
How do you make a group like Harvard?
They would take part of a terrible, they get all of their work, you get the shape, you get the shape of the shaped system.
Is it a state? Is this a group response?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is it?
The lines are dependent.
We live in a world of states in the state -- and the ones and the more distributed and the more distributed -- as in the Middle East environment, more interest and they get out of the activity that we are not generating the activists that are not.
So this is important for governments because to get these groups to have to invest more in tools not to be able to be involved in terms of money.
It will take that group of government it has to be in the center of any substantial approach.
This is very important to be able to choose and control the peace.
If we understand better to the American groups -- we are going to get better what they are going to offer to offer the transition of violence to the violence of the violence to the vision.
In this new device between states and activists -- the military power can be able to get some batteries, but we don't give us peace or perfectly.
To get these objects in order to get a long way to take a long way to take that sense of security to take that value of government that allowed these groups to be able to protect in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a Africa as a woman and as a family.
My colleagues on the energy of the business are very very, very surprisingly, but I need to add the stream of the "participant?"
I'm fantastic, but pretty bad.
And so I got it as a bad family.
Or, at least I wrote an article -- and a book called "The battle bank and then the people, people started called the Mars Mars.
So what I started as a personal person to myself and a definition production, it has become something bigger now.
Let me give you a step before.
When I was young people, especially in my short and the 20 years old, I had extraordinary ideas on the families, these public women with the men and they hate the sex. As if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how the women are all over the world and the world, in particular -- it looks like a perfect answer.
But in that then, I was worried about the guy that I was using people to try that it could be familiar.
It will be a photographer as a photographer was a approach, a word shape and death.
And I was used as a woman who doesn't follow the rules -- which is too slowly, and it gets to believe that it's just like the same or a man to a man.
No one wants to be that woman, until you realize that actually it's that woman and can't imagine to be another person.
With time, as I was growing up, I started to figure out that I am -- in fact, and yet, proud of it.
For me, some of them are all about to me, the women are the men to men.
We are going to get the same subject for the same work.
We have right to travel over the world as we get it, free or violence.
We have right to use the easy way and access the antibiotics and responsibility services and responsibility.
We have the right to decide about our bodies -- no need to be able to be leadership or dead controls.
We have the right.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have our other ideas.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body -- experience of general, religion and secret, and a little bit more.
We need to have these differences and how they affect us, from the same way that we have in common of it.
without this kind of increase, our family is not nothing.
For me, these truth are entirely, but to be clear, I'm a design.
I'm full of controls.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad family.
I have another conversation.
When I went into the work, I hear music music.
Even though I read the women to women and meant probably the Sandier Singapore State State State State is amazing.
"I actually really with your motor car.
Persia, it goes up until you get the control."
Think about it.
You know, right?
I am completely moving by my musicians like that.
I believe in the work of the man -- which is all I don't want to do -- including --  --  --  --  -- all of the death areas, but they also kill institutions, the correct of the speech, the quality of the spectrum and the market of market.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
This is my favorite color.
And I enjoy the measurements of the way and the basis things.
And I can see "The Taliban and the relative companies, and I have a fascinating factory of the houses that are doing reality.
Some of my details are more descriptional.
If a woman wants to add the standard of their husband -- it's your choice -- and I'm not who to get to play.
If a woman decided to be able to create their children, and I was going to get that choice as well.
The problem is not that it becomes an economic economic through this same choice -- the problem is that our society is constructed in a way that makes women that make women are really true when they are.
We solve this problem.
And it has the conventional phenomenon that has gone up or destructive the needs of the collective women of color -- the workers, hospitals, and the face of white women of white women and source way and stranger.
You know, if that's good family -- I'm a very bad family.
It also happens the next thing, as a family, I feel a lot of presentation.
We have this tend to put physicians in a period.
We hope that they are going to go to the perspective.
And when we get them together, we would put them with a lot of like the same period where we put them.
As I said, I am a democracy, I already consider that secret before they try to put it there.
So too many women, particularly the innovation and the leaders of the sector -- they have a fear of being a feature as familiarists.
They have fear of feet and say, "Yes, I am family by what it means is that stranger, for me to be able to be able to be able to be able to be a little bit of a little reality.
We take for example to Bennan, or like I call it.
And in the last few years, it's a dead family.
And in the World Morricundering Mars in Martin, in Martin, I act from the word "the word "the world of three feet away.
It was a magic species, to look at this stars of the able to open the face and make the women and the men and young men who will be fascinated is something to be proud to be proud of it.
He spent the time, the cultural creatures began to be interested in whether Berlin was or not exactly family.
They came out of the factory, instead of just to create the word of a woman and market.
And we have a perfect perfect of families, because we're still willing for a lot, we want a lot. We need so much.
We are much beyond a lot beyond the sense of it, and to design the phenomenon of any woman, to enjoy it until it doesn't get anything to it.
We don't need to do that.
And the bad factory, or more well, a more exciting phone is the point of particular point.
But what happened?
We were going to recognize our institutions to give you, to go into the action and being a little bit more.
If I hear music music -- I'm creating a drug for artists that are more happy than happy to make a similar substance.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we put the change in the way that we were able to get to their games.
However, it's hard.
Why does it have your music to be so particles?
It's hard to get something better and so easy to get a worst electricity away.
But when the bad decisions are going to make it more difficult for women to get the electricity, the simple that we all get to us and is our responsibility to us.
I think I think of my experiments.
These are two magnetic girls and decisions, and they also want to make it very quickly. I want you to create in a world.
And where you get it by the strong creatures that they are.
I think about them, of course, the best choice is a much more easy thing to do.
We can all take better decisions to it.
We can change the box when a technical program is about sexual violence against women as a decline, you see the Texas of Trans.
We can change the risk of radio when we listen to women to treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the center in another part when the film don't treat women more than as a distributed object.
So we can stop to support the professional details where the advertisers are trying to their companies as a battery seat.
In any case, especially men can say, "No, you can say, "No, I'm not going to put it in their project, particular in their project, or working with you, until you don't even get a number of women, so much to share the way to take decisions to take decisions to it.
I'm not going to work with you.
Those of us who are supporting in this kind of projects -- but they can also be able to get us to be even even even more like us as we are all as well as we are going to get out of the barriers of decision to the decisions of decide to be able to get out of the decisions of decision to the statements of decide to be
Because we are not less than -- without these structures -- without making these possibilities.
We can take these little act of value and hope that our decisions come to the city, and people in the power power and marketing and music power and music, Chinese, the people who can take big decisions -- more values, to create a digital change and meaning.
We can also be able to save our family, well, bad -- or anywhere else.
The last line of my book "Find "The "The "The "The "The "The "Things says, "I would be a bad family to not be able to be able to be able to not be able to be able to be able to be able to not be able to be able to be able to not be able to be able to be able to be able to not be
This is true because of a lot of reasons -- but I say, about all, because I love my voice and the family helped me to get it.
There was a international.
And I call it it international to do what happened.
And a few girls were told me when I was very young people, and I didn't know the kids can do this to a girl of a girl to a girl to a girl to a girl to a girl of a girl to a girl of a girl to a girl to a girl of a girl to a girl of a girl to a girl to a girl
They brought me as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They took my voice and after all I don't have to believe that I could say something that could be able to happen.
But I was writing up.
And I went back to write it.
I came back in a more strong version of myself.
And the words of those women who could understand a story like me, and the women who seem to me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the skin.
And the words of women who showed me that it was not nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure it.
This is through the structure and the factory, I also found that if I was a little bit right, another woman could go and see that none of us is the nothing that the world trying to tell you we are.
In one hand, I have the power to get any thing.
And in the other hand, I'm going to see the human reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad family, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think about what I say and what I do, without getting everything that makes me human.
I hope we all can do the same thing.
I hope we all could be a little bit right, when more you need to get out of such a value.
Right after the last year of the last year, 180 children in California, they had to be self-sensitive or by being experienced to someone who had been there.
The virus came up with the front with Carlie, inspired over 100 children in College.
One of the traditional things of this beauty is that the surgery that can be a family for a child with a child system -- it's one of the most exciting diseases in the world.
There is an effective change against this from more than more than more than more than more than a few century, but so many of the children involved in the Wikipedia Daniel they had not been involved because their parents had a lot of something that is still even worse -- the surgery.
But a moment, it was not the article that I discovered the police on the audience and the dramatic values and the death and death for being a failure for the Mission Mars Japan Japan?
Do you do not believe most of the smart scientists that the theory is going to make sure is a structure?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents all over the world are going to be able to put them out in dangerous to their children of having authorities.
Why?
Here's why here.
This is a group of the increase of the increase in time.
For most of the 20th century of the 20th century, the surgery became a very weird disease.
And the few parasites and parallel who had heard of her creating all their personal life without seeing a single case.
For decades for decades that were often used to be just three or four children for every 10 or four children for every 10 percent.
But then, in the decade of 1998, the numbers started to get out.
You know, in the bottom of the United States -- such as Australia States would get directly to the sub-surgeons as a experience, as if I could tell you about another child in Discovery.
What's going on?
If you're not the vaccines, what is it?
If you ask the people from the center of the center of Congress Constants who are going on, they tend to go back to the front of disaster discoveries and a better definition of cars to explain these growing creatures.
But that kind of language doesn't design a lot of a young woman that look at the face of their two years old, the visual contact of the visual control.
If you have to be able to be able to share -- why were it so responsible to the principle?
Why were the case cases so difficult to find before the 1980s.
five years ago, I decided to discover the answer to these questions.
I learned that what happened is less than to be less than the length of the science and care of science that with the power of the nation.
For most of the 20th century, the doctors told a story about what the car and how it was described, but that story turned out to be family, and the conditions of the same are having a democratic impact in the global public health.
And there was a second story of the car that had lost and forget in the dark roles of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and we have to go.
And the first story starts with a printed paradigm, I read Kan, Lake Kanzi, from the hospital.
They could fun for a few hours in the hands of their faces -- but they were part of the period for the metals as when they didn't put his favorite player in their favorite place without it.
On the basis of the patients in their cell in their clinical car, Karnhwill is a lot of robot.
So by the decade of 1990, as a principle of the world in the subject of the world in the subject of the world that had seen less than 150 different cases in the side of the sea as far as Africa.
This is actually not going to be, because the creatures of Karna for the discovery of the car were very result.
For example, I was going to give you that slide to children with controls, but now we know that the effect is very common in the car.
Once he said that he had become nine from every 10 children sent by other doctors to their own control to be a death of authorities.
Karning was a smart man -- but part of their theories were not creative.
And I came up as a way of a form of an individual particles by passionate parents and deaths and death.
These children, he said, have been kept in a responsibility that doesn't deal with it.
At the same time, though, Kan noticed that some of their young patients had special ability to have special skills that go up in certain areas like music.
One of the kids in his clinical could be able to get between 18 sites before I was about two years.
When his mother put one of their favorite design, he said, "Okay, said, "The Sandierry.
But Kanzin had a bad picture of these skills -- they are going to make things like kids were just coming to what they had heard to their parents who had heard to their parents to get their approach.
As a result of it became a source of self-assembly for the families -- and two generations of children were sent to institutions for their own well, it will become an invisible for the world in general world.
It wasn't until the 1980s that the researchers started to test the theory of bacteria that the surgery was really true.
And let me spend London, I thought that the theory of modern mothers was pretty strong.
She and his wife was close to climate and advanced, and they had a deep daughter called South State.
Listen and John knew the difficult thing that it was to create a child like Sun without services -- no special education, and without access to other resources.
In order to deal with the National National service of health that they needed more resources for the kids and their families and their families and his colleagues and his colleagues decided to do something that should have been made 30 years before.
They took a high school study in the general population.
They put a subject of London called Charles to try to find the kids in the community.
What they saw was clear that the model of bacteria was too clean -- because the reality.
Some kids could not talk about absolutely as they were involved in their favorite for the shark, in the discoveries or the generation of reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in the barriers and statistics, as I said, "Here, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the modern model of 90 would have been prepared.
At first, they were lost by trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one have gone out of these kids before.
But then let me find a relationship to a public article in 1999, the next year, the next year, the next year of Karahy, and then it goes down under the construction of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember it.
Karning knew about this article of the computer, but I was able to put it into their own work.
There was not even a tradition to the English -- but by the way, the size of Law talked to you, and he brought it for it.
The doctor has an alternative story of the current.
His car was a man called Harvard Santa, who would give a clinical cell with a school school in the 1980s in the 1980s.
So the ideas of Santa for the kids of children with a little bit of learning of learning would be programmed even for the control states.
The morning in his cell started with markets with music.
Instead of getting the parents to make the parents to cause authorities, Altable to describe it as a public ability for life that I wanted to be able to be able to be able to support in the course of all life.
Instead of trying to treat kids in their clinical as patients as patients -- Alaska called them their little teachers and they decided to help us in the development of education.
And finally, I'm going to be able to look at the car as a distributed context that was able to get a variety of money and discovery.
He believed that the car and the results were communications and always have been coming out of this against this against known in the culture of known in the culture as the social science and the designer teacher and the designer teacher of it.
He was more even beyond to say, that for the success in science and art -- a piece of career is essential in the science.
Ladies and January found out that Karning was wrong in which the car was increasingly, as well as the parents were the careers.
In the next few years, they worked at the U.S. America to add the creatures of the discovery that they will get the diversity of what they called the construction of what they called "the correction of what they called "the correction of what they called "the correction of what they called "the correction of what they called "the correction of what they called "the correction of what they call
In the end of the 80 and the early 99 and the early 99, their changes came up with the full model of Karning for a market and institutional of Santa.
These changes did not put it into a red way.
And so I came up with Lake and Japan work between responsibility to remember these creatures -- people from all the world will see a car adult for the first time.
And before I was able to get "The Manhattan Marshalla -- just a little critic, I was just going to be able to figure out what the career, but it was a little bit of a construction of Democratic David and the responsibility of Mars Boston and the responsibility of "The Mars and the responsibility of Mars and parallels, paradigms and parents and parents of all the world knew what
At the same time, they were involved by the first clinical trials to use to use the submersible.
I had no longer to have a connection with that little experience of experts to get a discovery for his children.
The combination of "The Mars Mars, the changes in the creatures and the interaction of these test created a network of network -- a perfect to the consequence of the control.
The number of drugs began to get up, as they produce Laborarization and Paul, in fact they would expect that it was that the people with authorities and their families finally get the support and the services that are going on.
And so National Wall came up to the computers for the career in the distributions, a simple story, and a single story -- and the whole story is as bad as the theory.
If the current structure of the production is that one of eight children in the United States are in the special -- it's right -- it's right -- these are one of the most big groups of the world.
In the last few years, people have been used in the Internet.
One way to understand the neurons is to think about human operating systems.
And the fact that a PMS doesn't work with Wallands, it doesn't mean it is ready.
It is the subjects -- the normal human brain is easily available -- social brain, and it comes out of a piece of attention to decisions.
However, people have differences to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we are still coming to Santa, that I think the "the "the course for the most important species are find in the understanding of the teachers -- embedded with capacity, and the parents of space, and the parents in the potential of their children.
A strong woman called Mexico Mars said, "We need all of the hands in terms to understand the bank of humanity."
As we go back to a future future, we need all the ways of human intelligence in the planet to make the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't let me give you a brain.
Thank you.
